---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Codes-757_02<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Codes (757.02)
This file contains classification codes from multiple classification systems (i.e., ICD, CPT, DSM, SNOMED, Title 38, NANDA, NIC, COSTAR, COSTART, CRISP, etc.).

**Global:** ^LEX(757.02,

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Expression**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  expression</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | Pointer to the expression in the Expression file #757.01 to which a<br/>classification code (i.e., ICD, CPT, DSM code) has been assigned.  This <br/>pointer links the code to an expression.  This expression can be a Major <br/>Concept, a Synonym or a Lexical Variant of either the Major Concept or the<br/>Synonym. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Expressions-757_01](Expressions-757_01)
**Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  code</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | Classification Code as described by a controlled vocabulary (i.e., ICD, <br/>CPT, etc). | STRING | REQUIRED | 
**Classification Source**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  classification_source</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | Pointer to the classification system (ICD/CPT/DSM etc) described in the<br/>Coding Systems file (#757.03) from which the code (field 1) is derived. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Coding_Systems-757_03](Coding_Systems-757_03)
**Major Concept**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  major_concept</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | Pointer the the Major Concept in the Major Concept Map file #757 to which a<br/>classification code (i.e., ICD, CPT, DSM code) has been assigned.  This pointer<br/>links the code to the Major Concept of the expression defined in the .01 field<br/>(Expression). | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Major_Concept_Map-757](Major_Concept_Map-757)
**Preference Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  preference_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | Some codes within a coding system are linked to multiple terms.  This flag<br/>indicates the preferred term of a code (within a classification system),<br/>providing a one-to-one relationship between codes and terms.  This field is <br/>only populated when a code is linked to multiple terms. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}PREFERRED TERM: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>OTHER THAN PREFERRED TERM: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Deactivation Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  deactivation_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | This field indicates that a code formerly in use by the Lexicon has<br/>been deactivated and should not be used in lookups or displays. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}DEACTIVATED CODE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Primary Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  primary_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | If an expression has multiple codes from the same classification system<br/>(i.e., ICD, CPT, etc) then one will be flagged as the primary code and the<br/>others will be flagged as supplemental.  If there is only one code of a<br/>specific classification system then it will be flagged as the primary code. | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}PRIMARY CODE: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>SUPPLEMENTAL CODE: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Activation Status**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  activation_status</code></pre>{:/} | 8 | This is a listing of the activation history<br/>for a code. | OBJECT |  | [Activation_Status-757_28](#Activation_Status-757_28)
**Legacy Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  legacy_code</code></pre>{:/} | 13 | This field stores a code that under a different version of the coding <br/>system represents the same concept as the code in the current coding <br/>system. E.g. SNOMED CT (the current SNOMED code system) code 123456789 <br/>might have a SNOMED 2 (legacy code system) legacy code of F-12345. | STRING |  | 

## Sub-Files
### <a name="Activation_Status-757_28"></a>Activation Status (757.28)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Activation_Status-757_28</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Activation Effective Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  activation_effective_date</code></pre>{:/} | .01 |  | DATE-TIME | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Activation Status**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  activation_status</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This is the activation status, 1 indicates the<br/>code is active and 0 indicates the code is<br/>inactive. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}ACTIVE: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>INACTIVE: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>




{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}