---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Device-3_5<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Device (3.5)
This file defines all input/output devices that can be accessed from this CPU (definitions are not account-specific).  Each device is identified with a unique name.  Each is associated with a $I value which may correspond with a hardware port or, on layered systems, a host file or directory.  If there are several devices for the same volume set and $I, one may be given sign-on system status.  Devices may also be assigned to hunt groups to share work.  This file is cross-referenced by name, $I, volume set(CPU), and sign-on/system device.  It is also cross-referenced by hunt group, local synonym, mnemonic, subtype, and form currently mounted.

**Global:** ^%ZIS(1,

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the name of the device. It is used at the 'DEVICE' prompt<br/>to select this device. It should not be the internal name for<br/>the device but a logical one.<br/>It must start with 1 uppercase and not contain lowercase. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Location Of Terminal**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  location_of_terminal</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This is a free text description of where the device is located,<br/>e.g. Ward 2A nurse station, etc. | STRING | REQUIRED | 
**Mnemonic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mnemonic</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | These are alternate names which may be used to select the device. | STRING |  | 
**Local Synonym**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  local_synonym</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | This is an alternate name which may be used to select the device.<br/>When using the LOCAL SYNONYM to select the device, selection can only<br/>occur on the local CPU.  For example, if you assigned a LOCAL SYNONYM<br/>to one device on the local CPU, and the same name to a device on<br/>the remote CPU, selection using the LOCAL SYNONYM will return<br/>the device on the local CPU. | STRING | INDEXED | 
**Purge Old Print Queue Files**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  purge_old_print_queue_files</code></pre>{:/} | .13 | This field determines whether old HFS files associated with entries in the<br/>PRINT QUEUE JOB (#3.52) file should be deleted. It only applies to devices<br/>of the PRINT QUEUE type. For print queues, an intermediate host file is<br/>created in the PRINT_QUEUES subdirectory. <br/><br/>Normally, these files are automatically deleted once they have been submitted<br/>to the print queue.  For those files that are not automatically deleted,<br/>there is a scheduled option that will periodically delete host files that<br/>have been somehow left in existence past their usefulness.<br/><br/>Setting this field to NO will prevent the purge option from deleting HFS files<br/>created via this device.  Setting this field to NO should only be done on<br/>a temporary basis while troubleshooting a problem involving a print queue. <br/><br/>The default value for this field is YES.  <br/><br/><br/> | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>Y</strong></em>{:/}
**$i**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  i</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This field holds the Hardware port name that the OS can identify when<br/>referencing a port on a CPU.<br/>On layered systems where opening of host files is supported,<br/>this field may hold the host file name.<br/>When defining a spool device entry(TYPE="SPL") on VAX DSM or MSM-Unix,<br/>enter the name of directory where spool host files will be created. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Volume Set(cpu)**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  volume_setcpu</code></pre>{:/} | 1.9 | This field holds the name of the CPU to which this device belongs.<br/>This field holds the name of the CPU where the physical port resides.<br/>On DSM-11, VAX DSM, this field may hold the name of the Volume Set.<br/>On M/11+, this field may hold the name of the Directory Set.<br/> <br/>If no name has been entered for this field, this device is assumed<br/>to be accessible from all CPUs in the network.  In other words,<br/>when this device is referenced, the device handler will operate<br/>as if this device is resident on the local CPU.  <br/> <br/>For example, if there is a device that uses the same $I on each CPU,<br/>one entry can be made in the Device File by leaving the 'Volume<br/>Set(CPU)' Field null.  This shortcut will work only if the same $I<br/>has been associated with this device on every CPU. | STRING |  | 
**Sign-on/system Device**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  signon_system_device</code></pre>{:/} | 1.95 | If answered 'YES', this field identifies that this entry is the primary<br/>device among those device entries that have the same $I with the same<br/>VOLUME SET(CPU).<br/> <br/>Among those device entries that have a common $I and CPU,<br/>only one of these entries can have this field set to 'YES'.<br/>If none of the common device entries are set to 'YES', the<br/>default device will be identified by the first device on<br/>the CPU x-ref.  The default device is used when the device<br/>handler is invoked with $I as the device to be selected. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  type-2</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This field has the general type of device on the CPU.  'TRM' is the most<br/>common entry.<br/>      TRM -- Terminal devices such as most crts and printers<br/>             should be associated with a corresponding device entry<br/>             with a type of 'TRM'.<br/>      HFS -- Host File Server is only available on mumps platforms<br/>             that exists on a layered system(e.g.: VMS, UNIX, NT, etc.).<br/>             This type and the associated functionality provides<br/>             the vehicle to read and write to host level files.<br/>             Instead of directing reports to a printer, the results<br/>             could be placed into a VMS, NT or UNIX file.  This would<br/>             allow a non-mumps based statistical package or spreadsheet<br/>             to use data produced by the mumps based application by<br/>             simply extracting data from the host file.<br/>     VTRM -- Virtual Terminal Server devices are those that are associated<br/>             with a dynamically created mumps port identification($I).<br/>             A generic device entry with a device type of 'VTRM'<br/>             can be established for users who log into the system<br/>             through terminal servers.<br/>      RES -- Resources is a type used for special sequencing of tasks<br/>             that do not require a particular device.<br/>     CHAN -- Network Channels are high speed devices that use network<br/>             protocols such as TCP/IP.<br/>      OTH -- Other devices that do not fit a particular category<br/>             should be given a type of 'OTH'.<br/>       MT -- Magtape device should have a type of 'MT'.<br/>      SPL -- Spool device is a predefined allocated disk space similar<br/>             to SDP.  However, access to the spool device can be achieved<br/>             from multiple users simultaneously.<br/>      BAR -- Bar code reader.  This type identifies the device<br/>             as a barcode reader.<br/>      SDP -- Sequential Disk Processor is a predefined allocated<br/>             disk space used for sequential processing.  On DSM-11<br/>             and M/11+ systems, devices 59 thru 62 are reserved for SDP.<br/>             On MSM, the Sequential Block Processor(SBP) is essentially<br/>             the same as SDP. This has been replaced with HFS.<br/>     IMPC -- Imaging work station device(reserved for future use for<br/>             DHCP Imaging Project).<br/>     PQ   -- Print Queues.  This type of device will be used on<br/>             Cache/VMS,Linux, or Unix systems to create host files and<br/>             pass them to a print server.  Print Queue devices are<br/>             not used on Windows systems.<br/><br/> | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}SPOOL: <em><strong>SPL</strong></em><br/>BARCODE READER: <em><strong>BAR</strong></em><br/>SDP: <em><strong>SDP</strong></em><br/>VIRTUAL TERMINAL: <em><strong>VTRM</strong></em><br/>NETWORK CHANNEL: <em><strong>CHAN</strong></em><br/>PRINT QUEUE: <em><strong>PQ</strong></em><br/>TERMINAL: <em><strong>TRM</strong></em><br/>MAGTAPE: <em><strong>MT</strong></em><br/>OTHER: <em><strong>OTH</strong></em><br/>IMAGING WORK STATION: <em><strong>IMPC</strong></em><br/>HOST FILE SERVER: <em><strong>HFS</strong></em><br/>RESOURCES: <em><strong>RES</strong></em>{:/}
**Subtype**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  subtype</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | This field tells what type of terminal is on a terminal port.<br/>It has a great impact on whether the proper terminal control codes<br/>get sent to the terminal. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Terminal_Type-3_2](Terminal_Type-3_2)
**Ask Device**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ask_device</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | This field controls if the 'DEVICE' question is asked when a call<br/>is made to ^%ZIS. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ask Parameters**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ask_parameters</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | On devices of TYPE 'TRM' and 'VTRM', this field controls<br/>if the 'RIGHT MARGIN' question is asked after selecting the device.<br/>On devices of TYPE 'MT', 'SDP', 'BAR', and 'OTH', this field controls<br/>if the 'ADDRESS/PARAMETERS' question is asked after selecting the device. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ask Host File**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ask_host_file</code></pre>{:/} | 5.1 | Answer 'yes' if 'HOST FILE NAME:' should be asked when the device<br/>is selected.  TYPE must be 'HFS'.  Only applicable on layered systems<br/>that support host files. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ask Hfs I/o Operation**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ask_hfs_i_o_operation</code></pre>{:/} | 5.2 | For systems that support host files, this field may be used instead<br/>of 'ADDRESS/PARAMETERS' to specify more general parameters.<br/> <br/>If 'Ask Parameters' is null or 'NO', set this field to 'YES' and the<br/>device handler will ask for INPUT/OUTPUT OPERATION upon selecting a<br/>device. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Queuing**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  queuing</code></pre>{:/} | 5.5 | When this field is set to FORCED and queuing is allowed by the calling<br/>program (%ZIS["Q"), the Device Handler will return IO("Q")=1 upon<br/>device selection and the job will be queued.  That is, the user<br/>does not need to enter "Q" to invoke queuing and will not be prompted<br/>with the question about wanting output queued.  If the program <br/>does not allow queuing (%ZIS'["Q"), the user will see the following<br/>message: Sorry, QUEUING is required for this device.<br/> <br/>Set this field to NOT ALLOWED if queuing is not possible or desired<br/>for this device.<br/> <br/>Set this field to ALLOWED if queuing is possible for this device.<br/>When this field is set to ALLOWED, the application/user will determine<br/>if queuing is desired.  Setting this field to null is the same as<br/>setting this field to ALLOWED. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}FORCED: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>NOT ALLOWED: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>ALLOWED: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Out-of-service Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  outofservice_date</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | If entered then this device cannot be selected if the current date is<br/>greater than, or the same as, the date specified. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Nearest Phone**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  nearest_phone</code></pre>{:/} | 7 | The location of the telephone nearest to this device. | STRING |  | 
**Key Operator**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  key_operator</code></pre>{:/} | 8 | The name of the person who usually uses this device. | STRING |  | 
**Margin Width**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  margin_width</code></pre>{:/} | 9 | This field if it has data will override the Right Margin field value<br/>from the Terminal type file.<br/>Leave this field blank unless you are sure that you need to have a<br/>different Right Margin than what is in the terminal type file. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Page Length**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  page_length</code></pre>{:/} | 11 | This field, if it has data, will override the Page Length field value<br/>from the Terminal type file.<br/>Leave this field blank unless you are sure that you need to have a<br/>different Page Length than what is in the terminal type file.<br/> <br/>If this is a CRT then this is the number of lines which can<br/>be displayed on the screen, otherwise, for printers, it is<br/>the number of print lines per page. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Suppress Form Feed At Close**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  suppress_form_feed_at_close</code></pre>{:/} | 11.2 | This field is used flag devices that should not have form feeds issued<br/>at the time the device is closed.<br/>This field should be answered 'YES' for label printers. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Security**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  security</code></pre>{:/} | 15 | The users DUZ(0) (fileman access) must contain at least one of the<br/>characters in this field for the user to be able to select this device. | STRING |  | 
**Closest Printer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  closest_printer</code></pre>{:/} | 16 | This is the name of the nearest printer, it is selected at the <br/>"DEVICE" prompt simply by entering "P". | POINTER |  | [Device-3_5](Device-3_5)
**Form Currently Mounted**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  form_currently_mounted</code></pre>{:/} | 17 | This describes the type of form currently in the printer. | STRING | INDEXED | 
**Open Parameters**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  open_parameters</code></pre>{:/} | 19 | These parameters are used to open a device with specified<br/>characteristics/addresses.<br/>This field is primarily used with non-terminal devices such<br/>as magtape and SDP.<br/>For SDP, use (block:0) on M/11; (0:block:drive) on DSM.<br/>For Magtape, use ("VAL4":0:2048) on both M/11 and DSM. | STRING |  | 
**Close Parameters**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  close_parameters</code></pre>{:/} | 19.3 | This field holds the parameters to be used in a MUMPS CLOSE statement. | STRING |  | 
**Use Parameters**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_parameters</code></pre>{:/} | 19.5 | This field holds the parameters to be used in a MUMPS USE statement. | STRING |  | 
**Pre-open Execute**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  preopen_execute</code></pre>{:/} | 19.7 | This is the Xecutable MUMPS code which is used by %ZIS before opening<br/>the device.  Setting %ZISQUIT=1 in the PRE-OPEN EXECUTE code<br/>will signal %ZIS to reject the selected device. | STRING |  | 
**Post-close Execute**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  postclose_execute</code></pre>{:/} | 19.8 | This is the Xecutable MUMPS code which is used by %ZISC after closing<br/>the device. | STRING |  | 
**Micom Printer Contention Port**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  micom_printer_contention_port</code></pre>{:/} | 21 | This field is reserved for future use to determine whether the device<br/>uses printer contention.  It would be a preliminary check to decide<br/>whether it is necessary to invoke the printer contention programs. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Modem**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  modem</code></pre>{:/} | 23 | If this device is connected to a modem, this is the name of the type<br/>of modem, as found in the TERMINAL TYPE file.  Modem names must begin<br/>with "M-".  This field is used by MailMan for controlling the auto-dialer.<br/>If the device is used only for dial-in (receives calls only, never places<br/>them), then this field is not necessary. | POINTER |  | [Terminal_Type-3_2](Terminal_Type-3_2)
**Priority At Run Time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  priority_at_run_time</code></pre>{:/} | 25 | This field, if set, will be used by the Task Manager to set a job's<br/>operating system run priority. Lowest priority is 1, and 10 is the<br/>highest. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Taskman Print A Header Page**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  taskman_print_a_header_page</code></pre>{:/} | 26 | If this field is set to YES then, Taskman will print a header page<br/>before the job is started to form a break between reports. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>n</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>y</strong></em>{:/}
**Password**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  password</code></pre>{:/} | 27 | Passwords are used for an additional level of security on devices such as<br/>modems.  If a value is entered in this field, all users trying to log on to<br/>this device will be prompted for the password before being prompted for the<br/>access code. | STRING |  | 
**Slaved From Device**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  slaved_from_device</code></pre>{:/} | 28 | This field may permit queuing to slaved devices.  Given hard-wiring such<br/>that a display terminal may be identified with a device name, queuing may<br/>take place to the slaved device ($I=0).  Enter the device name of the<br/>display terminal in this field. | POINTER |  | [Device-3_5](Device-3_5)
**Auto Despool**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  auto_despool</code></pre>{:/} | 31 | Answer 'YES' if the report is to be automatically despooled. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Despool Devices**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  despool_devices</code></pre>{:/} | 32 | This is the list of printers that reports will be printed during<br/>the despool process for the named spool device. | OBJECT |  | [Despool_Devices-3_532](#Despool_Devices-3_532)
**Generate Spl Doc Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  generate_spl_doc_name</code></pre>{:/} | 33 | Answer 'YES' to this field if the spool document name is to be<br/>automatically generated. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Resource Slots**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  resource_slots</code></pre>{:/} | 35 | Enter a value that will identify the limit of concurrent jobs<br/>that may own the same resource.  If no data is entered, the<br/>device handler will use a default value of 1. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Global Lock**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  global_lock</code></pre>{:/} | 36 | This field tells the device handler if it should use a global lock<br/>to control access to a device. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Open Count**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  open_count</code></pre>{:/} | 51 | This field holds a count of the number of times that %ZIS has <br/>successfully open this device.<br/>The reason is to find LAT devices that are still in use. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Timed Read (# Of Seconds)**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  timed_read_number_of_seconds</code></pre>{:/} | 51.1 | The number of seconds for timed reads at this device. It is overridden<br/>by the Timed Read specification in the USER File. | NUMERIC |  | 
***reserved**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reserved</code></pre>{:/} | 51.12 |  | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
***reserved**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reserved-51_13</code></pre>{:/} | 51.13 |  | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
***reserved**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reserved-51_14</code></pre>{:/} | 51.14 |  | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
***reserved**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reserved-51_15</code></pre>{:/} | 51.15 |  | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
**# Of Attempts**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_of_attempts</code></pre>{:/} | 51.2 | The number of sign-on attempts before the device is locked from use.<br/>This may be ignored by setting the BYPASS DEVICE LOCK-OUT field in<br/>the KERNEL SITE PARAMETERS File. The minimum value is set by the VA<br/>INFORMATION SYSTEM ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD MANAGEMENT POLICY. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Lock-out Time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lockout_time</code></pre>{:/} | 51.3 | This is the amount of time that the device must be idle before <br/>the lock will release. This may be ignored by setting the BYPASS<br/>DEVICE LOCK-OUT field in the KERNEL SITE PARAMETERS File.<br/>The minimum value is set by the VA INFORMATION SYSTEM ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD<br/>MANAGEMENT POLICY. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Multiple Sign-on**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  multiple_signon</code></pre>{:/} | 51.4 | Specifies whether or not the user of this device can be already signed<br/>on the system. It is overridden by the Multiple Sign-on specification in<br/>the USER File. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}NOT ALLOWED: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>ALLOWED: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ask Device Type At Sign-on**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ask_device_type_at_signon</code></pre>{:/} | 51.5 | This field (if filled in) will over ride the ones in the KERNEL site<br/>parameter file. This is overridden by the same specification in the<br/>NEW PERSON File.<br/>It controls if the user/terminal should be asked for a terminal type during<br/>sign-on.<br/>If set to YES then a <ENQ> is sent to the terminal to collect the answer back<br/>message, if valid the terminal type is set to this. Otherwise the user is<br/>prompted.<br/>If set to NO then the one from the Last Sign-on field or device subtype will<br/>be used. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}YES, ASK: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>NO, DON'T ASK: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Auto Menu**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  auto_menu</code></pre>{:/} | 51.6 | This field controls whether the Auto-menu function will be turned on<br/>for this device. If it is turned on, it acts just as if the user<br/>types a "?" before each prompt. This is overridden by the same<br/>specification in the USER File. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}NO MENUS GENERATED: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>MENUS GENERATED: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
***reserved**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reserved-51_7</code></pre>{:/} | 51.7 |  | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
**Tied Routine**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  tied_routine</code></pre>{:/} | 51.8 | This field, if filled in, has the name of a routine that is run<br/>before the 'ACCESS CODE' question is asked. Use with care. | STRING |  | 
**Type-ahead**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  typeahead</code></pre>{:/} | 51.9 | Should the user of this device have 'Type-Ahead' turned on or off.<br/>This will be overridden by the same specification in the USER File. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}NOT ALLOWED: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>ALLOWED: <em><strong>Y</strong></em>{:/}
**Perform Device Checking**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  perform_device_checking</code></pre>{:/} | 51.91 | This field, if set, will override the default in the KERNEL SITE<br/>PARAMETERS File.<br/> <br/>Device checking involves checking for device lockout, prohibited access<br/>times, etc. If turned off, logon will be faster. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Secondary $i**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  secondary_i</code></pre>{:/} | 52 | This field holds the $IO value to be used if this is the secondary system<br/>in a mixed OS environment.  It is not used otherwise.<br/>It is only used for output devices. | STRING |  | 
**Lat Server Node**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lat_server_node</code></pre>{:/} | 61 | This is the DECserver/terminal server node name that the device is on.<br/>It is used by XTLATSET to build data files for VMS startup. | STRING |  | 
**Lat Server Port**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lat_server_port</code></pre>{:/} | 62 | This is the port on the DECserver/terminal server that this device is<br/>connected to. It can be entered in the LC-2-5 form or 31 form.<br/>On EQUINOX it is in the PORT_31 form.<br/>This field is used by XTLATSET to build VMS datafiles for startup. | STRING |  | 
**Vms Device Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  vms_device_type</code></pre>{:/} | 63 | This is a flag that is passed into the file LT_PTR.DAT by the routine <br/>XTLATSET to select how this port should be setup in VMS by the<br/>SYS$MANAGER:SYSPRINT.COM file when it runs. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}PASTHRU/NOWRAP: <em><strong>p</strong></em><br/>HOSTSYNC/NOWRAP: <em><strong>m</strong></em><br/>LAB INSTRUMENT: <em><strong>l</strong></em><br/>YES SPOOLED: <em><strong>y</strong></em><br/>NOT SPOOLED: <em><strong>n</strong></em><br/>NOWRAP: <em><strong>w</strong></em>{:/}
**Lat Port Speed**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lat_port_speed</code></pre>{:/} | 64 | This field holds the value that will be passed to the TSC_LOAD.COM<br/>file for loading the DECserver permanent database. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}3: <em><strong>300</strong></em><br/>12: <em><strong>1200</strong></em><br/>24: <em><strong>2400</strong></em><br/>48: <em><strong>4800</strong></em><br/>96: <em><strong>9600</strong></em><br/>192: <em><strong>19200</strong></em>{:/}
**Print Server Name Or Address**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  print_server_name_or_address</code></pre>{:/} | 65 | This field contains the FQDN (fully qualified domain name) or specific<br/>TCP/IP address of a remote server (e.g., for LPD/LPR printing) or device<br/>(e.g., for telnet printer). | STRING |  | 
**Telnet Port**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  telnet_port</code></pre>{:/} | 66 | This field contains the telnet port of a remote device (e.g., a telnet<br/>printer).  The allowable range is a number between 2000 and 65534. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Remote Printer Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  remote_printer_name</code></pre>{:/} | 67 | This is the Name of the Remote Printer that is referenced by<br/>the "PRINT SERVER NAME OR ADDRESS" and "TELNET PORT" fields. | STRING |  | 
**Windows Network Printer Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  windows_network_printer_name</code></pre>{:/} | 75 | This is the Windows network name for the printer (e.g., <br/>'\\vhaistfpc4\IST-HP4525-1'). It is used by Windows applications that <br/>interact with VistA and need a printer identified for output purposes. | STRING |  | 
**Lab Label Printer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lab_label_printer</code></pre>{:/} | 101 | This field is used only if the current device has a label printer associated<br/>with it. | POINTER |  | [Device-3_5](Device-3_5)
**Primary Menu Option**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  primary_menu_option</code></pre>{:/} | 201 | This field, if filled in, contains the primary menu that is run from this<br/>device. It overrides the user's primary menu. | POINTER |  | [Option-19](Option-19)
**Barcode Avail**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  barcode_avail</code></pre>{:/} | 646 | This field is used by Augie Turano's pharmacy barcode software. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>Y</strong></em>{:/}
**Prohibited Times For Sign-on**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  prohibited_times_for_signon</code></pre>{:/} | 2009 | This field allows a device to be locked out for certain periods of the<br/>day. The time period for which logons will be prohibited is specified<br/>in the form HHMM-HHMM. For example, 1630-0800 would lock out the device<br/>from 4:30 PM to 8:00 AM.<br/> <br/>If device checking is bypassed for this device, these times are ignored. | STRING |  | 
**Use Timeout On Opens**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_timeout_on_opens</code></pre>{:/} | 2009.5 | This field determines whether a timeout will be used<br/>to open the device. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>y</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>n</strong></em>{:/}
**Open Timeout**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  open_timeout</code></pre>{:/} | 2010 | If a specific timeout is needed when an open is performed,<br/>enter the value of the timeout into this field.  This will enable %ZIS<br/>to "hang" for the number of seconds specified in this field to achieve<br/>a connection rather than using the default of zero. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Nvs Passover Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  nvs_passover_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 18000 | This field is a flag which will allow for the devices so selected to be<br/>skipped in the NVS TEST ACCOUNT initialization process.  If the test<br/>database has a different path to the device in question, some editting may<br/>be needed. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}

## Sub-Files
### <a name="Despool_Devices-3_532"></a>Despool Devices (3.532)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Despool_Devices-3_532</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Despool Devices**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  despool_devices</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | The printer used in the despool process associated with<br/>the current spool device. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Device-3_5](Device-3_5)
**Copies**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  copies</code></pre>{:/} | 1 |  | NUMERIC |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>




{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}