---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Exam-9999999_15<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Exam (9999999.15)
This file is a list of Physical Exams that have been defined specifically for use in entering Examinations performed on an Outpatient or Inpatient Encounter.     This file was developed by IHS and adopted by the VA. 

**Global:** ^AUTTEXAM(

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the name of the examination being given to a patient.<br/> <br/>Enter the name of the exam using 3 to 30 characters.<br/>  | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Sex Specific**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sex_specific</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | (Optional)<br/>This is the indicator for specifying the sex for which the exam is given.<br/> <br/>Enter an "M" for male or an "F" for Female. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}MALE: <em><strong>M</strong></em><br/>FEMALE: <em><strong>F</strong></em>{:/}
**Inactive Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  inactive_flag</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | This field is used to inactivate an exam type.  If this field contains a<br/>"1" then the exam type is inactive.  Inactive exam types cannot be<br/>selected in the manual data entry process. Exam entries should be made<br/>inactive when they are no longer used.  Do not delete the entry or change<br/>the meaning of the exam entry. <br/>  <br/>To make an inactive exam type active, enter the "@" symbol to remove the<br/>"1" from the field. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}INACTIVE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Mnemonic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mnemonic</code></pre>{:/} | 8801 | This is a 1 - 2 character mnemonic for this exam.  Mnemonics will<br/>be able to be used for selecting exams at Select EXAM prompts. | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on August 24th 2017, 2:57:39 pm</p>{:/}