---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; GMR_Allergy_Site_Parameters-120_84<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# GMR Allergy Site Parameters (120.84)
Site configurable features for the Adverse Reaction Tracking package.

**Global:** ^GMRD(120.84,

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This field is the name of this set of parameters.  The name of the base<br/>set that is sent out is "HOSPITAL".  The code will work more efficiently<br/>if the name of the base set of parameters is not changed from "HOSPITAL". | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Top 10 Reactions**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  top_10_reactions</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | A list of reactions for the user to choose from when selecting reactions<br/>for a patient allergy/adverse reactions.  These will be the ten most<br/>common reactions, and modifiable by the site. | POINTER |  | [Sign_symptoms-120_83](Sign_symptoms-120_83)
**Autoverify Food/drug/other**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  autoverify_food_drug_other</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This field determines which types of allergies a site wants autoverified<br/>at the user sign off. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}AUTOVERIFY FOOD ONLY: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY FOOD/OTHER: <em><strong>6</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY ALL: <em><strong>7</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY DRUG/OTHER: <em><strong>5</strong></em><br/>NO AUTOVERIFY: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY DRUG/FOOD: <em><strong>3</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY DRUG ONLY: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY OTHER ONLY: <em><strong>4</strong></em>{:/}
**Autoverify Observed/historical**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  autoverify_observed_historical</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | This field is configurable by the site to allow autoverification of<br/>observed or historical allergies. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}NO AUTOVERIFY: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY OBSERVED ONLY: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY HISTORICAL ONLY: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>AUTOVERIFY BOTH: <em><strong>3</strong></em>{:/}
**Autoverify Logical Operator**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  autoverify_logical_operator</code></pre>{:/} | 3.5 | This field will determine how the Autoverify Food/Drug/Other and<br/>Autoverify Observed/Historical parameters relate to each other.  OR means<br/>that the reaction will be autoverified if it meets the criteria of one of<br/>the two parameters, while AND means the reaction will be autoverified only<br/>if it meets the criteria of both parameters.  If this field is left null,<br/>the OR condition will be used.<br/> <br/>For example, if you want to verify only observed drug reactions, you would<br/>set the Autoverify Food/Drug/Other parameter to AUTOVERIFY FOOD/OTHER<br/>and the Autoverify Observed/Historical to AUTOVERIFY HISTORICAL ONLY<br/>, and the<br/>Autoverify Logical Operator to OR.  This means that a reaction that has<br/>a type of Food/Other OR is Historical will be autoverified, thus leaving<br/>observed drug reactions to be verified.<br/> <br/>Another example would be if you wanted to verify all observed reactions<br/>and all drug reactions whether observed or historical.  The parameters<br/>should be set accordingly:  Autoverify Food/Drug/Other to AUTOVERIFY<br/>FOOD/OTHER, Autoverify Observed/Historical to AUTOVERIFY HISTORICAL ONLY<br/> and<br/>Autoverify Logical Operator to AND.  In this case to be autoverifed, a<br/>reaction has to have a type of Food/Other AND it must be Historical, all<br/>other reactions will need to be verified. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}AND: <em><strong>&</strong></em><br/>OR: <em><strong>!</strong></em>{:/}
**Require Originator Comments**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  require_originator_comments</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | This field indicates whether the originator will be required to enter<br/>comments for an OBSERVED reaction. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
***last Dfn Converted**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  last_dfn_converted</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | The data in this field is the entry number of the Patient file record<br/>whose data was last converted by the Patient file data conversion.  This<br/>field will be 0 before the conversion begins and after the conversion<br/>is over. | NUMERIC | DEPRECATED | 
***conversion Task Number**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  conversion_task_number</code></pre>{:/} | 5.1 | This is the TaskMan task number of the Patient file data conversion job.<br/>The data in this field will be null before the job is queued to run, and<br/>after it has finished running. | NUMERIC | DEPRECATED | 
***conversion Finished**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  conversion_finished</code></pre>{:/} | 5.2 | This field indicates whether the Patient file data conversion has<br/>finished running or not.  The data in this field will be 1 if the<br/>Patient file data conversion has finished running, or did not need<br/>to run. | BOOLEAN | DEPRECATED | 
**Division**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  division</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | The divisions associated with this set of site parameters. | POINTER |  | [Institution-4](Institution-4)
**Mark Id Band Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mark_id_band_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 7 | This field is an indicator to denote whether the site wants<br/>to document if the patient ID band should be marked for<br/>a certain allergy.<br/>The system will assume the site wants to document the marking of inpatient<br/>ID bands.  If this field is answered NO, the site does not want to<br/>document the marking of inpatient ID bands. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Method Of Notification**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  method_of_notification</code></pre>{:/} | 7.1 | This field tells ART if or how the users should be notified for chart<br/>or ID band markings.  There are three methods. The first method is the<br/>use of BULLETINs,  which is the current way ART works.  The<br/>second method is the use of OE/RR Teams.  If this method is used, then<br/>you will need to set up different teams for each ward and also assign<br/>printers to these teams.  The third method is to turn off the function. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}BULLETIN: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>OE/RR TEAMS: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>NO NOTIFICATION: <em><strong>2</strong></em>{:/}
**Alert Id Band/chart Mark**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  alert_id_band_chart_mark</code></pre>{:/} | 7.2 | This field is to let the system know if you want to issue alerts <br/>if the fields have not been answered in the Enter/Edit Patient Reaction<br/>Data portion of the system.  If the field is answered yes(1) or is null<br/>then, the system will continue to issue the alerts.  If this field is<br/>no(0), then the system will not issue alerts for this record. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**New Admission Chart Mark**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  new_admission_chart_mark</code></pre>{:/} | 7.3 | This is to indicate if the site wants to send chart mark bulletin<br/>for a new admission. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
***3.0 Conversion Last Dfn**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  _30_conversion_last_dfn</code></pre>{:/} | 8 | This field will contain the last field that has been fully<br/>converted. The field is initially set to 0. | NUMERIC | DEPRECATED | 
***3.0 Task Number**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  _30_task_number</code></pre>{:/} | 8.1 | This field is the TaskMan number that was assigned.  In the<br/>event that there is a conversion failure this will enable the<br/>system to give the programmers the tools to investigate the problem. | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
***conversion Finished**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  conversion_finished-8_2</code></pre>{:/} | 8.2 | This field indicates whether the V3.0 data structure conversion has<br/>finished running.  The data in this field will be 1 if the<br/>conversion has finished running or did not need to run. | BOOLEAN | DEPRECATED | 
**Nka Conversion**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  nka_conversion</code></pre>{:/} | 9 | This field contains all the entries that are to be converted in the 3.0<br/>NKA conversion. | STRING |  | 
**Fda Data Required**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  fda_data_required</code></pre>{:/} | 10 | This field will indicate whether the entry of FDA Data should be required<br/>during the Enter/Edit Patient Reaction Data.  If this field is answered "YES",<br/>then the user must enter the FDA Data at the time of entering a reaction.<br/>If this field is left null or answered "NO", then the FDA Data entry will<br/>not be required during the Enter/Edit Patient Reaction Data option. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>n</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>y</strong></em>{:/}
**E/e Description Active**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  e_e_description_active</code></pre>{:/} | 10.1 | Permit users to indicate why a reaction was Entered in Error. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Reporter Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reporter_name</code></pre>{:/} | 11 | This field would contain the default reporter name to be used on the<br/>FDA reports. | STRING |  | 
**Reporter Address1**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reporter_address1</code></pre>{:/} | 12 | This field would contain the first line of the reporter address to<br/>be used as a default for the FDA reports. | STRING |  | 
**Reporter Address2**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reporter_address2</code></pre>{:/} | 13 | This field would contain the second line of the reporter address to<br/>be used as the default on the FDA reports. | STRING |  | 
**Reporter Address3**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reporter_address3</code></pre>{:/} | 14 | This field would contain the third line of the reporter address to<br/>be used as the default on the FDA reports. | STRING |  | 
**Reporter City**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reporter_city</code></pre>{:/} | 15 | This field contains the city to be used as the default on the FDA Reports. | STRING |  | 
**Reporter State**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reporter_state</code></pre>{:/} | 16 | This field contains the default state to be used on the FDA reports. | POINTER |  | State-5
**Reporter ZIP**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reporter_zip</code></pre>{:/} | 17 | This field contain the default Zip Code to be used on the FDA reports. | STRING |  | 
**Reporter Phone**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reporter_phone</code></pre>{:/} | 18 | This field contains the default phone number to be used on the FDA reports. | STRING |  | 
**Occupation**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  occupation</code></pre>{:/} | 19 | This field contains the reporter's occupation. | STRING |  | 
***conversion Of Nka**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  conversion_of_nka</code></pre>{:/} | 21 | This field indicates if the NKA conversion is complete.  ATS 3.0 will not<br/>install onto a system that has ATS Version 2.2 if this field is not set.<br/>  | BOOLEAN | DEPRECATED | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on August 24th 2017, 2:57:39 pm</p>{:/}