---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Patient_Movement-405<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Patient Movement (405)
This file holds the data for all admissions,transfers,discharges, treating specialty changes,and lodger movements.  These entries must not be edited through fileman.  Instead,the appropriate bed control options should be executed to insure data consistency.   The following cross-references exist on this file:            ^DGPM("ATID"_TT,DFN,Inverse date_AS,DA)=""            ^DGPM("ATT"_TT,Date_AS,DA)=""            ^DGPM("APID",DFN,Inverse Date_AS,DA)=""            ^DGPM("APTT"_TT,DFN,Date_AS,DA)=""            ^DGPM("APCA",DFN,Corresponding Admission,Date_AS,DA)=""            ^DGPM("APMV",DFN,Corresponding Admission,Inverse Date_AS,DA)=""            ^DGPM("APRD",DFN,Date_AS,DA)=""            ^DGPM("AMV"_TT,Date_AS,DFN,DA)=""            ^DGPM("ATS",DFN,Corresponding Admission,Inverse Date_AS,Treating Specialty,DA)=""            ^DGPM("CN",External Format of Ward,DA)=""       **inpatients only**            ^DGPM("LD",External Format of Ward,DA)=""       **lodgers only**            ^DGPM("ARM",IFN of Room-bed,DA)=1 or 0          [1 indicates lodger,0 indicates non-lodger]            ^DGPM("B",Date,DA)=""            ^DGPM("C",DFN,DA)=""            ^DGPM("CA",Corresponding Admission,DA)=""   where:     TT=Transaction type where choices are as follows:                 1=admission          4=check-in lodger                 2=transfer           5=check-out lodger                 3=discharge          6=specialty change              AS=ASIH Sequencewhere choices are as follows:                 1=transfer to hospital ASIH                 2=Admission to hospital (automatically generated by module)            or  1=discharge from hospitalwithin 30 days of ASIH stay                 2=transfer to or discharge from NHCU/DOM (automatically generated by module)            [NOTE:  This value is 0 for non-ASIH movements or ASIH movements where there are not 2 movements at the same date/time]  

**Global:** ^DGPM(

**Domain:** Patients

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Date/time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  date_time</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | Enter in this field the date/time of the movement (admission,transfer,<br/>discharge,treating specialty transfer,lodger check-in,or lodger check-<br/>out).  Time must be included. | DATE-TIME | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Transaction**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  transaction</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | Enter in this field the transaction type of the movement.  Choose from:<br/>               1     ADMISSION<br/>               2     TRANSFER<br/>               3     DISCHARGE<br/>               4     CHECK-IN LODGER<br/>               5     CHECK-OUT LODGER<br/>               6     SPECIALTY TRANSFER | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Mas_Movement_Transaction_Type-405_3](Mas_Movement_Transaction_Type-405_3)
**Patient**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  patient</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | Enter the patient for which this movement occurred.  This field is a<br/>pointer to the PATIENT file. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Patient-2](Patient-2)
**Type Of Movement**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  type_of_movement</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | Choose the type of movement this patient had.  You will be selecting from<br/>active FACILITY MOVEMENT TYPES for which the TRANSACTION TYPE of this<br/>movement matches the TRANSACTION TYPE of the FACILITY MOVEMENT TYPE.  For<br/>example,if you are admitting a patient,you will only be able to select<br/>active admission types. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Facility_Movement_Type-405_1](Facility_Movement_Type-405_1)
**Transfer Facility**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  transfer_facility</code></pre>{:/} | .05 | If this movement is a TRANSFER IN (admission from another facility),<br/>TRANSFER OUT (discharge to another facility),or an ASIH movement to<br/>another facility (TO ASIH (OTHER FACILITY),for example),you will be<br/>prompted for TRANSFER FACILITY and will be asked to choose from an<br/>entry in the INSTITUTION file.  This field is required for those<br/>movement types mentioned above. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Institution-4](Institution-4)
**Ward Location**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ward_location</code></pre>{:/} | .06 | Enter in this field the WARD to which this patient is being admitted or<br/>transferred to.  Choose from ACTIVE entries in the WARD LOCATION file.<br/>This field will only be prompted for movements to WARDS at the home<br/>facility. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Ward_Location-42](Ward_Location-42)
**Room-bed**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  roombed</code></pre>{:/} | .07 | Select the ROOM-BED to which you are admitting or transferring this<br/>patient.  Select from those ACTIVE beds in the ROOM-BED file which are<br/>assigned to the WARD LOCATION chosen for this movement. | POINTER |  | [Roombed-405_4](Roombed-405_4)
**Primary Physician**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  primary_physician</code></pre>{:/} | .08 | Enter the healthcare provider with primary responsibility for the direct<br/>care of the patient.  This may be the resident or intern in a teaching<br/>facility or the staff physician in a nonaffiliated hospital.<br/> <br/>This field will only be prompted for movements with a transaction type<br/>of 'specialty transfer'. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Facility Treating Specialty**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  facility_treating_specialty</code></pre>{:/} | .09 | When entering a movement with a TRANSACTION TYPE of SPECIALTY<br/>CHANGE,you will be asked to provide the treating specialty assigned to<br/>this patient.  Choose an entry from the FACILITY TREATING SPECIALTY<br/>file which best describes the care this patient is receiving. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Facility_Treating_Specialty-45_7](Facility_Treating_Specialty-45_7)
**Diagnosis [short]**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis_short</code></pre>{:/} | .1 | When admitting a patient,you will be asked to provide a brief desciption<br/>of the diagnosis of this patient upon admission. | STRING | REQUIRED | 
**Admitted For Sc Condition?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  admitted_for_sc_condition</code></pre>{:/} | .11 | Is this patient being admitted for a service connected condition? | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Admitting Regulation**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  admitting_regulation</code></pre>{:/} | .12 | When admitting a patient,you must choose an active ADMITTING REGULATION<br/>which best describes the category under which this patient is being<br/>admitted. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [VA_Admitting_Regulation-43_4](VA_Admitting_Regulation-43_4)
**Absence Return Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  absence_return_date</code></pre>{:/} | .13 | If the patient is being transferred to an absence status (via the AUTH<br/>ABSENCE 96 HOURS OR LESS or AUTHORIZED ABSENCE transfer types),you will<br/>be asked to provide the date this patient is expected to return.  If you<br/>choose to transfer the patient with AUTH ABSENCE 96 HOURS OR LESS,this<br/>date must be less than or equal to 4 days from the date of transfer.  If<br/>you choose to transfer the patient AUTHORIZED ABSENCE,the date of return<br/>most be more than 4 days after the date of transfer. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Admission/check-in Movement**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  admission_checkin_movement</code></pre>{:/} | .14 | This field is a pointer to the admission or check-in lodger movement which<br/>is associated with the transaction being entered. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Patient_Movement-405](Patient_Movement-405)
**Asih Admission**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  asih_admission</code></pre>{:/} | .15 | This field is set internally by the module.  If a patient is transferred<br/>either TO ASIH FROM NHCU/DOM or CONTINUED ASIH,this field will point to<br/>the entry in this file which holds the admission created by the module. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Patient_Movement-405](Patient_Movement-405)
**Ptf Entry**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ptf_entry</code></pre>{:/} | .16 | This field is used for movements with a TRANSACTION TYPE of admission only.<br/>It stores the internal entry number of the record in the PTF file. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Ptf-45](Ptf-45)
**Discharge/check-out Movement**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  discharge_checkout_movement</code></pre>{:/} | .17 | Pointer to the discharge or check-out movement associated with this<br/>admission or check-in.  If not defined,the patient is still in-house. | POINTER |  | [Patient_Movement-405](Patient_Movement-405)
**Mas Movement Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mas_movement_type</code></pre>{:/} | .18 | This field is internally set by the module.  When you enter a FACILITY<br/>MOVEMENT TYPE (field .04 of this file),this field will automatically be<br/>set to the internal number of the MAS-distributed movement type to which<br/>this FACILITY MOVEMENT TYPE points.  This internal number is used<br/>throughout the code of MAS and various other packages to determine the<br/>flow of processing that should occur. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Mas_Movement_Type-405_2](Mas_Movement_Type-405_2)
**Attending Physician**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  attending_physician</code></pre>{:/} | .19 | Enter the supervising physician who is responsible for the care of the<br/>patient.  Nonaffiliated hospitals may choose not to use this field.<br/> <br/>This field will be prompted for movements with a transaction type of<br/>'specialty change' only. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Admitting Eligibility**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  admitting_eligibility</code></pre>{:/} | .2 | This field will be used in a future version to track the eligibility of<br/>a patient upon admission.  This information will be used in the VISIT<br/>file which is being developed for use in DoD facilities. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Eligibility_Code-8](Eligibility_Code-8)
**Asih Transfer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  asih_transfer</code></pre>{:/} | .21 | This field is internally set by the module.  If the MAS MOVEMENT TYPE of<br/>this movement is TO ASIH,this field will contain a pointer to the transfer <br/>movement that created this admission (either a TO ASIH transfer or a <br/>CONTINUED ASIH transfer). | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Patient_Movement-405](Patient_Movement-405)
**Asih Sequence**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  asih_sequence</code></pre>{:/} | .22 | This field is used internally by the module for movements that are ASIH.<br/>When transferring a patient ASIH to your own facility,there are 2<br/>movements created at the same date/time (the admission and the transfer).<br/>This is also true for discharges FROM ASIH where both a discharge and a<br/>transfer occur at the same date/time.  The movement that physically occurs<br/>first (the transfer in the first example,and the discharge in the second)<br/>will have a sequence number of 1 while the subsequent movement will have<br/>a sequence number of 2.  This number (divided by 100000000) will be added<br/>to the date/time of the movement to aid in cross-referencing these<br/>movements.  This is intended to make code generation quicker.  [NOTE:  non-<br/>ASIH movements will have a ASIH SEQUENCE of 0] | NUMERIC | REQUIRED | 
**Dmms Episode Number**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  dmms_episode_number</code></pre>{:/} | .23 | This field has been added for use by the DMMS package.  It will hold the<br/>episode number of the movement as defined internally by that package. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Related Physical Movement**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  related_physical_movement</code></pre>{:/} | .24 | This field will be stored for movements with a TRANSACTION TYPE of<br/>TREATING SPECIALTY only.  If the treating specialty transfer is<br/>in conjunction with a physical movement (either an admission or a<br/>transfer),this field will contain a pointer to that physical movement. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Patient_Movement-405](Patient_Movement-405)
**Scheduled Admission?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  scheduled_admission</code></pre>{:/} | .25 | If this admission was a result of a previously scheduled admission,this<br/>field should be answered yes.  This field will be filled in for movements <br/>with a TRANSACTION of ADMISSION only. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ptf Purge Status**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ptf_purge_status</code></pre>{:/} | .26 |  | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}ACTIVE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>PURGED: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Visit File Entry**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  visit_file_entry</code></pre>{:/} | .27 |  | POINTER | INDEXED | [Visit-9000010](Visit-9000010)
**Reason For Lodging**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reason_for_lodging</code></pre>{:/} | 30.01 | Enter the reason this patient was lodged (inclement weather,traveling<br/>distance,etc.). | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Lodging_Reason-406_41](Lodging_Reason-406_41)
**Lodging Comments**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lodging_comments</code></pre>{:/} | 30.02 | Enter an additional comment on why this patient is being lodged if you wish. | STRING |  | 
**Disposition**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  disposition</code></pre>{:/} | 30.03 | Enter in this file the disposition of this patient upon being checked-out<br/>as a lodger.  Choose from ADMITTED (if the patient was admitted to your<br/>facility) or DISMISSED (if the patient was returned to his place of<br/>residence). | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}DISMISSED: <em><strong>d</strong></em><br/>ADMITTED: <em><strong>a</strong></em>{:/}
**Facility Directory Exclusion**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  facility_directory_exclusion</code></pre>{:/} | 41 | Denotes whether or not the patient wished to be excluded from the <br/>Facility Directory for this admisison.<br/> <br/>The Facility Directory is the directory of current inpatients in the <br/>facility.  If the patient wishes to be excluded from the Facility <br/>Directory,then the VAMC can not make a positive statement to family,<br/>friends,or others as to whether the patient is here or not. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Facility Directory Time Stamp**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  facility_directory_time_stamp</code></pre>{:/} | 42 | Date/time answer to Facility Directory exclusion question was entered. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Facility Directory User**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  facility_directory_user</code></pre>{:/} | 43 | User entering the patient's response to the Facility Directory exclusion <br/>question. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Ptf Movement Number**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ptf_movement_number</code></pre>{:/} | 52 | This field may be filled in for treating specialty movements.<br/>It will only be filled in if the treating specialty movement<br/>causes a PTF 501 movement to be created in the PTF record<br/>associated with the admission.<br/> <br/>The number stored in this field will be the internal multiple<br/>entry number of the 501 multiple in that PTF record. <br/> <br/>This field is updated automatically and no user input is<br/>necessary. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Next Ptf Movement**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  next_ptf_movement</code></pre>{:/} | 53 | This field may be filled in for treating specialty movements.<br/>It will only be filled in if the treating specialty movement<br/>causes a PTF 501 movement to be created in the PTF record<br/>associated with the admission.<br/> <br/>The number stored in this field will be the internal multiple<br/>entry number of the 501 multiple,in that PTF record,<br/>corresponding to the next chronological 501 movement,if one<br/>exists.<br/> <br/>This field is updated automatically and no user input is<br/>necessary.<br/> <br/>  | NUMERIC |  | 
**Admitting Category**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  admitting_category</code></pre>{:/} | 54 | If and entry for the Admitting Regulation exist in the Sharing Agreement<br/>Category file (#35.1) then the user will be prompted for the category<br/>associated with the Admitting Regulation. | POINTER |  | [Sharing_Agreement_Subcategory-35_2](Sharing_Agreement_Subcategory-35_2)
**Irt Background Job Run**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  irt_background_job_run</code></pre>{:/} | 60.01 | This field stores the date that the IRT background job<br/>was run for this admission.  If this field contains<br/>a date,this admission has been initialized and all<br/>standard deficiencies have been created for this<br/>admission.  When the IRT background Job is run for<br/>all admission it will check to see if the admission<br/>has already been initialized.  If so,this admission<br/>will not created duplicate entries for the standard<br/>deficiencies. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Diagnosis**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis</code></pre>{:/} | 99 | Enter an in-depth description of the diagnosis for this patient.  This will<br/>be asked for movements with a TRANSACTION TYPE of SPECIALTY TRANSFER only. | STRING |  | 
**Entered By**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  entered_by</code></pre>{:/} | 100 | This field stores the name of the user entering this patient movement. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Entered On**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  entered_on</code></pre>{:/} | 101 | This field stores the date/time on which this PATIENT MOVEMENT FILE<br/>entry was initially entered. | DATE-TIME | REQUIRED | 
**Last Edited By**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  last_edited_by</code></pre>{:/} | 102 | This is the user who last edited this patient movement entry.  The user<br/>is only stored when a change is made. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Last Edited On**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  last_edited_on</code></pre>{:/} | 103 | This is the date/time this movement was last edited.  It will only<br/>be stored if a change was made. | DATE-TIME | REQUIRED | 
**Original Admission Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  original_admission_date</code></pre>{:/} | 300 | This field contains the original admission date/time for a patient. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Ods At Admission**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ods_at_admission</code></pre>{:/} | 11500.01 | Was this patient admitted for care due to injuries sustained in Operation<br/>Desert Shield?  If the patient's period of service is 6 when admitted,<br/>this field will automatically be set to 1. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Non-va Facility?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  nonva_facility</code></pre>{:/} | 11500.02 | Respond yes if you are transferring this patient out to a non-VA facility.  Respond no if transferring the patient to another VA facility. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**At VA Expense?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  at_va_expense</code></pre>{:/} | 11500.03 | Answer yes if this transfer to a non-VA facility is at the VA's expense. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ods Admission Entry**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ods_admission_entry</code></pre>{:/} | 11500.04 | If this patient was admitted with a period of service of 6 (ODS),enter<br/>the ODS ADMISSIONS file entry corresponding to this admission. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Ods_Admissions-11500_2](Ods_Admissions-11500_2)
**Displaced For Ods Patient?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  displaced_for_ods_patient</code></pre>{:/} | 11500.05 | Enter yes if this patient was transferred out in order to free a bed for an<br/>operation desert shield patient.  Otherwise,respond no. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**VA Cost To Travel**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  va_cost_to_travel</code></pre>{:/} | 11500.06 | Enter the cost of travel to move this VA patient to a non-VA facility.<br/>This question is only asked if the patient was transferred in order to<br/>make room for an operation desert shield patient. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Displaced Patient**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  displaced_patient</code></pre>{:/} | 11500.07 | Enter the entry in the DISPLACED PATIENT file which corresponds to this<br/>discharge. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Displaced_Patient-11500_3](Displaced_Patient-11500_3)



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}