---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Protocol-101<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Protocol (101)
This file contains the orderables and methods for accomplishing orders (protocols) within OE/RR.

**Global:** ^ORD(101,

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | A unique name, which is preceded by the package namespace. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Item Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  item_text</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | The protocol's text as it appears to the user on the menu or subheader. | STRING | INDEXED | 
**Synonym**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  synonym</code></pre>{:/} | 1.1 | This is another name for the protocol that may be used on lookup. | STRING |  | 
**Print Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  print_name</code></pre>{:/} | 1.11 | This is a shortened version of the item text to be used on print-outs<br/>where the name must be abbreviated. | STRING |  | 
**Disable**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  disable</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This field disables use of the protocol when there is text in it.  The<br/>text should be a short message explaining why use of the protocol has<br/>been disabled, as it will be displayed if the protocol is selected. | STRING |  | 
**Lock**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lock</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | This field is used to deny access to users who have this option<br/>as part of their menu. If an option has a lock, then only users<br/>who hold the matching key can access it. | STRING |  | 
**Description**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  description</code></pre>{:/} | 3.5 | This field contains a brief explanation of the protocol. | STRING |  | 
**Prohibited Times**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  prohibited_times</code></pre>{:/} | 3.9 | This specifies a time range during which this option cannot be accessed.<br/>The time should be entered in military format. For example, to<br/>prohibit an option from running between 9 AM and 2 PM, enter 0900-1400. | STRING |  | 
**Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  type-4</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | This field defines the type of protocol to be executed.  Types Q, O, and<br/>L are strictly related to the 'Add orders' function.<br/>  Q = Protocol menu - used for displaying and selecting orderable items<br/>during the add sequence. When this type of protocol is encountered<br/>OE/RR will ask the 'Select PATIENT:,' 'LOCATION:,' 'Provider:'<br/>prompts and execute the transaction logic for the new orders<br/>screen.  This is also true for type O and L.<br/>O = Protocol - same as Q but the protocol is the item selected.<br/>Protocols are directly executed when encountered.<br/>L = Limited protocol - same as O but any existing sub-items are<br/>not executed.<br/>M = Menu - used for displaying and selecting items.<br/>X = Extended action - protocols of this type execute the entry action<br/>plus all sub-items.<br/>  A = Action - same as X but any existing sub-items are<br/>not executed.<br/>  X = Extended action - protocols of this type execute the entry action<br/>      plus all sub-items.<br/> <br/>  A = Action - same as X but any existing sub-items are<br/>      not executed. | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}term: <em><strong>T</strong></em><br/>protocol: <em><strong>O</strong></em><br/>menu: <em><strong>M</strong></em><br/>protocol menu: <em><strong>Q</strong></em><br/>event driver: <em><strong>E</strong></em><br/>subscriber: <em><strong>S</strong></em><br/>extended action: <em><strong>X</strong></em><br/>dialog: <em><strong>D</strong></em><br/>action: <em><strong>A</strong></em><br/>limited protocol: <em><strong>L</strong></em>{:/}
**Creator**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  creator</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | This field identifies who created the protocol. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**File Link**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  file_link</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | This field is a variable pointer which may point to the entry in a file<br/>to which a protocol is linked.<br/> | POINTER | INDEXED | [Option-19](Option-19)<br/>[Laboratory_Test-60](Laboratory_Test-60)<br/>[Collection_Sample-62](Collection_Sample-62)<br/>[Topography_Field-61](Topography_Field-61)<br/>[Rad_nuc_Med_Procedures-71](Rad_nuc_Med_Procedures-71)<br/>[Urgency-62_05](Urgency-62_05)<br/>[Execute_Code-62_07](Execute_Code-62_07)<br/>[Request_Services-123_5](Request_Services-123_5)<br/>[Request_Action_Types-123_1](Request_Action_Types-123_1)
**Cost**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  cost</code></pre>{:/} | 8 | This is the cost of filling the order associated with this protocol. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Item**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  item</code></pre>{:/} | 10 | This is the item multiple for a protocol | OBJECT |  | [Item-101_01](#Item-101_01)
**Package**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  package</code></pre>{:/} | 12 | Pointer to Package File (#9.4). | POINTER |  | [Package-9_4](Package-9_4)
**Exit Action**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  exit_action</code></pre>{:/} | 15 | This field contains MUMPS code which will be executed on leaving<br/>this option.  It is only applicable to Menu types. | STRING |  | 
**Entry Action**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  entry_action</code></pre>{:/} | 20 | This field contains MUMPS code which will be executed on entering<br/>this option.  It is applicable to Menu and Action types. | STRING |  | 
**Required Variables**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  required_variables</code></pre>{:/} | 21 | This lists the variables that must be defined for the proper execution of<br/>this protocol.  This aids in documenting the protocol.  Also, in the case<br/>of ';' jumping, the variables defined as required may be newed before<br/>jumping, thus preserving the context when returning from the jump. | STRING |  | 
**Screen**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  screen</code></pre>{:/} | 24 | This field contains MUMPS code that screens out menu items or the<br/>execution of particular items in a protocol.  Before each item is<br/>displayed or executed, the screen is executed and the item is only<br/>processed if $T is true. | STRING |  | 
**Header**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  header</code></pre>{:/} | 26 | In the case of menus (type M or Q), this contains MUMPS code that is <br/>executed to display a header for the menu. | STRING |  | 
**Menu Help**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  menu_help</code></pre>{:/} | 27 | This contains MUMPS code that displays additional help to that already<br/>given with the menu. | STRING |  | 
**Menu Prompt**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  menu_prompt</code></pre>{:/} | 28 | This contains text to replace the standard "Select Item: " prompt normally<br/>given with a menu. | STRING |  | 
**Menu Default**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  menu_default</code></pre>{:/} | 29 | This field contains a default response (i.e., default selection from the<br/>menu), if desired. | STRING |  | 
**Dic {dic}**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  dic_dic</code></pre>{:/} | 30 | This field is used as the global reference passed to ^DIC for a file<br/>look-up.  The entry should be in the regular format for a call to ^DIC<br/>i.e. ^GL(41, | STRING |  | 
**Column Width**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  column_width</code></pre>{:/} | 41 | This is the width, in characters, for each column on a menu.  For example,<br/>to have 3 columns on an 80 character device, enter a column width of 26. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Mnemonic Width**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mnemonic_width</code></pre>{:/} | 42 | This field allows the width allowed for mnemonics to be varied.  The<br/>default width is 5. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Path Switch**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  path_switch</code></pre>{:/} | 43 | This allows the user, when traversing back UP the tree of protocols, to<br/>select a new path back down the tree.  In other words, the menu is<br/>redisplayed when returning to that menu's level in the tree, and processing<br/>back down the tree is possible from that point.  If nothing is selected<br/>from the menu, the path continues back up the tree. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>Y</strong></em>{:/}
**Identifier**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  identifier</code></pre>{:/} | 44 | Entries into this file can be given identifiers to show context, function<br/>and/or relationships.  For example, Digoxin may exist in the file as three<br/>different entries with identifiers of SERUM, PLASMA and Drug. | STRING |  | 
**Timestamp**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  timestamp</code></pre>{:/} | 99 | This contains the $H time that fields which are necessary to menu display<br/>were last changed. | STRING |  | 
***order Print Action**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  order_print_action</code></pre>{:/} | 100 | ***NOTICE- THIS FIELD WILL BE REMOVED IN A FUTURE VERSION***<br/>Package action when a detailed listing of an order is requested.<br/>Included in this file for backward compatability with earlier versions<br/>of OE/RR. | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
***order Cancel Action**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  order_cancel_action</code></pre>{:/} | 100.1 | ***NOTICE- THIS FIELD WILL BE REMOVED IN A FUTURE VERSION***<br/>Package action when an order is cancelled or discontinued.  Included in<br/>this file for backward compatability with earlier versions of OE/RR. | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
***order Purge Action**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  order_purge_action</code></pre>{:/} | 100.2 | ***NOTICE- THIS FIELD WILL BE REMOVED IN A FUTURE VERSION***<br/>Package action when an order is to be purged from file 100.  Included in<br/>this file for backward compatability with earlier versions of OE/RR. | STRING | DEPRECATED | 
**Access**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  access</code></pre>{:/} | 100.3 | This multiple contains the list of security keys which allow access to<br/>the protocol.  If there are no keys, all users have access. | POINTER |  | [Security_Key-19_1](Security_Key-19_1)
**Requires Signature**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  requires_signature</code></pre>{:/} | 101.01 | This field is used to specify an orderable/protocol that does not<br/>require a physician signature in OE/RR.  Some of the things entered<br/>in OE/RR are considered instructions and don't require physician<br/>signature.  An example of this might be an entry for an Early/Late tray. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}NO SIGNATURE REQUIRED: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>PHYSICIAN SIGNATURE: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Domain (data Type)**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  domain_data_type</code></pre>{:/} | 101.041 | This is the data type of a term (i.e. protocol of type term) used in a<br/>dialog. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}free text: <em><strong>F</strong></em><br/>set of codes: <em><strong>S</strong></em><br/>list or range: <em><strong>L</strong></em><br/>menu: <em><strong>M</strong></em><br/>numeric: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>yes/no: <em><strong>Y</strong></em><br/>date/time: <em><strong>D</strong></em><br/>word processing: <em><strong>W</strong></em><br/>pointer: <em><strong>P</strong></em>{:/}
**Default Prompt**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  default_prompt</code></pre>{:/} | 101.042 | For this term, this is the prompt that is automatically used when the<br/>term is used as an item in a dialog.  The prompt may be modified at the<br/>item level. | STRING |  | 
**Default Answer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  default_answer</code></pre>{:/} | 101.043 | For a term protocol, this is the default answer that is automatically used<br/>when the term is used as an item in a dialog.  The default may be modified<br/>at the item level. | STRING |  | 
**Default Word Processing Answer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  default_word_processing_answer</code></pre>{:/} | 101.0431 | This is text used as a template for an item in a dialog that is a word<br/>processing type. | STRING |  | 
**Default Help**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  default_help</code></pre>{:/} | 101.044 | For a term protocol, this is the help text that is automatically used when<br/>the term is used as an item in a dialog.  The help text may be replaced at<br/>the item level. | STRING |  | 
**Domain Parameter**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  domain_parameter</code></pre>{:/} | 101.045 | This is a parameter that may be used to further specify the data type<br/>(i.e. input transform) for a term protocol.  The parameter is what would<br/>be placed in the second up-arrow piece of DIR(0) when calling the reader. | STRING |  | 
**Method**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  method</code></pre>{:/} | 101.05 | This number identifies individual methods (actions) that may be invoked<br/>for this protocol. | OBJECT |  | [Method-101_05](#Method-101_05)
**Set Membership**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  set_membership</code></pre>{:/} | 101.07 | This is a namespaced name of a set.  If this is entered, a cross reference<br/>of the format "S.set membership" is created.  This allows rapid lookups on<br/>subsets of the Protocol file. | STRING |  | 
**Sending Application**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sending_application</code></pre>{:/} | 770.1 | Enter the name of the application that initiates a transaction. It<br/>is required only when defining an EVENT POINT protocol. | POINTER |  | [Hl7_Application_Parameter-771](Hl7_Application_Parameter-771)
**Response Message Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  response_message_type</code></pre>{:/} | 770.11 | Enter the message type of the expected RESPONSE. It should only be defined<br/>on a SUBSCRIBER PROTOCOL.<br/> <br/>NOTE:<br/>In a contract between the initiating system and the responding system, the<br/>Event Driver protocol defines the characteristics of the INITIATING<br/>SYSTEM. The Initiating System initiates either queries or unsolicited<br/>update messages. A Subscriber Protocol defines the characteristics of the<br/>RESPONDING SYSTEM. The responding system completes a transaction by<br/>returning either an acknowledgement and/or a response to the specific<br/>query message. | POINTER |  | [Hl7_Message_Type-771_2](Hl7_Message_Type-771_2)
**Batch/file Message Commit Ack**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  batch_file_message_commit_ack</code></pre>{:/} | 770.14 | In a bi-directional interface, this field will be used <br/>to determine whether or not a Batch or File message should<br/>send or receive a Commit Acknowledgement.  A Batch or File<br/>message will always send/receive an Application Ack. This<br/>feature is non-standard according to HL7.  It is needed to<br/>insure the receipt of a message. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Receiving Application**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  receiving_application</code></pre>{:/} | 770.2 | This is the application that receives a message. It is otherwise known as<br/>the "responding" application when a transaction takes place. This<br/>information is required for SUBSCRIBER protocols only. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Hl7_Application_Parameter-771](Hl7_Application_Parameter-771)
**Transaction Message Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  transaction_message_type</code></pre>{:/} | 770.3 | Enter the name of the message type for the the message that is sent from<br/>the initiating system. When initiating a new transaction, this field is<br/>referenced when generating the header for the outbound message.<br/> <br/>NOTE:<br/>In a contract between the initiating system and the responding system, the<br/>Event Driver protocol defines the characteristics of the INITIATING<br/>SYSTEM. The Initiating System initiates either queries or unsolicited<br/>update messages. A Subscriber Protocol defines the characteristics of the<br/>RESPONDING SYSTEM. The responding system completes a transaction by<br/>returning either an acknowledgement and/or a response to the specific<br/>query message. | POINTER |  | [Hl7_Message_Type-771_2](Hl7_Message_Type-771_2)
**Event Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  event_type</code></pre>{:/} | 770.4 | This is the HL7 Event Type code for the message represented by this<br/>protocol. In HL7, the message type and event type of an application<br/>response message may be different from the original message.<br/> <br/>If this is an event point protocol, enter the event type<br/>corresponding to the initial message generated by the SENDING APPLICATION.<br/> <br/> <br/>If this is a subscriber protocol, then enter the event type corresponding<br/>to the RECEIVING APPLICATION response. Note that an event type is not<br/>required when responding with a general acknowledgement (ACK) and the<br/>receiving application does not always need to generate a response.<br/> <br/>NOTE:<br/> <br/>1. In "original acknowledgement mode" the receiving application always<br/>generates the response.<br/>2. In "enhanced acknowledgement mode" the HL7 package may be configured to<br/>produce a "commit ack" before the application receives the message. If the<br/>receiving application does not need to generate a response in addition to<br/>the ack, then the event type is the same as the original message (and the<br/>message type would be ACK)<br/>3. In "enhanced acknowledgement mode with two-phase commit" the HL7<br/>package generates a commit ack, and passes the message to the application.<br/>The second phase of the transaction occurs when the application is ready<br/>to initiate a response. This is interpreted as the start of a new<br/>transaction and may require a commit ack itself. | POINTER |  | [Hl7_Event_Type_Code-779_001](Hl7_Event_Type_Code-779_001)
**Message Structure**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  message_structure</code></pre>{:/} | 770.5 | The message structure is associated with the message type and event type defined by HL7 v2.3.1 and beyond. | POINTER |  | [Hl7_Message_Structure_Code-779_005](Hl7_Message_Structure_Code-779_005)
**Processing Id**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  processing_id</code></pre>{:/} | 770.6 | This field describes how a message should be processed once it is handed<br/>off to the receiving application. <br/> <br/>PROCESSING ID is a required field in the HL7 message header. However, the<br/>Event Driver protocol entry is only used whenset to DEBUG. Data for the<br/>header is normally derived from the HL COMMUNICATION SERVER FILE. If<br/>testing a transaction in Debug mode, make sure it is changed on both the<br/>sending and receiving system.<br/> <br/> <br/>The receiving application developer should consider checking this portion<br/>of the header before filing data on a production system. Training and<br/>Debug messages may not be suitable for filing. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}debug: <em><strong>D</strong></em>{:/}
**Logical Link**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  logical_link</code></pre>{:/} | 770.7 | This field is used with a SUBSCRIBER PROTOCOL to describe the network path<br/>to the subscriber. It is most often used with a fixed point-to-point<br/>interface between Vista and another system, e.g., a local COTS application<br/>or another Vista facility. See the documentation on use of the ROUTING<br/>LOGIC field and "dynamic addressing" for more complex routing scenarios. | POINTER |  | [Hl_Logical_Link-870](Hl_Logical_Link-870)
**Accept Ack Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  accept_ack_code</code></pre>{:/} | 770.8 | This field defines whether or not a COMMIT ACK will be generated by the<br/>HL7 package. This only applies to transactions using version 2.2 and<br/>higher of the HL7 Standard. See Chapter 2 of the HL7 Standard for details<br/>of Enhanced Mode Acknowledgements. | POINTER |  | [Hl7_Accept_application_Ack_Condition-779_003](Hl7_Accept_application_Ack_Condition-779_003)
**Application Ack Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  application_ack_type</code></pre>{:/} | 770.9 | For transactions using versions 2.2 and higher of the HL7 standard, this<br/>field defines whether or not the receiving application is expected to<br/>return an acknowledgement. Enhanced Mode Application Acks are always<br/>initiated as a new transaction. The following is an example of a 2-phased<br/>acknowledgement over a tcp connection.<br/> <br/> <br/>(A)INITIATING SYSTEM         (B)RESPONDING SYSTEM<br/> <br/>PHASE I<br/>Open connection to B<br/>send ADT/A04----------------->receive ADT/A04<br/>                              validate header<br/>                              commit to safe storage<br/>receive CA<-------------------send CA to A<br/>Close connection<br/> <br/>PHASE II<br/>                              handoff to receiving Application<br/>                              parse and validate message content<br/>                              generate APPLICATION ACCEPT ACK<br/>                              Open connection to A<br/>receive AA<-------------------send AA<br/>validate header<br/>commit to safe storage<br/>send CA to B------------------>receive CA<br/>                               close connection | POINTER |  | [Hl7_Accept_application_Ack_Condition-779_003](Hl7_Accept_application_Ack_Condition-779_003)
**Version Id**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  version_id</code></pre>{:/} | 770.95 | Enter the version of the HL7 standard used to implement this transaction.<br/> <br/>Note that a screen has been added to insure that the version selected<br/>corresponds to the appropriate version of the Message Type defined. | POINTER |  | [Hl7_Version-771_5](Hl7_Version-771_5)
**Processing Routine**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  processing_routine</code></pre>{:/} | 771 | This field is executed on the receiving system. It defines the routine<br/>used to process the original inbound message in a transaction and to<br/>GENERATE and APPLICATION response/ACK back to the sending system using the<br/>entry point, GENACK^HLMA1. | STRING |  | 
**Response Processing Routine**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  response_processing_routine</code></pre>{:/} | 772 | This field is executed on the sending system when an Acknowledgement or<br/>Query response is received. The message ID of the original message is<br/>always contained within the response. This is used to identify the<br/>location of the original message and the corresponding event point<br/>protocol. Note that this pertains to Original and Enhanced Mode<br/>Application Acks only. The HL7 package generates and processes<br/>Enhanced mode Commit Accepts internally. | STRING |  | 
**Sending Facility Required?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sending_facility_required</code></pre>{:/} | 773.1 |  | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Receiving Facility Required?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  receiving_facility_required</code></pre>{:/} | 773.2 |  | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Security Required?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  security_required</code></pre>{:/} | 773.3 |  | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Date/time Of Message Required?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  date_time_of_message_required</code></pre>{:/} | 773.4 |  | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ack Mode Set In Subscriber**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ack_mode_set_in_subscriber</code></pre>{:/} | 773.5 | A 'YES' of this field will indicate that MSH-15 and MSH-16 will be taken<br/>from Subscriber protocol instead of the value(s) defined in Event driver <br/>protocol. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Routing Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  routing_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 774 | M code in this field is executed only when a message is in an OUTBOUND<br/>state. Normally, Vista HL7 'broadcasts' a message to all subscribers<br/>whenever a message is generated. However, in some cases, a client may need<br/>to receive the message only if it matches a particular condition. This<br/>field allows you to set up screening logic to interpret the message and<br/>dynamically address the message to those interested in the data when it<br/>meets these conditions. The output of your routing logic routine should be<br/>the creation of a list of additional message recipients set into the<br/>HLL("LINKS") array.<br/> <br/>For details on dynamic addressing, see the documentation for HL*1.6*14. | STRING |  | 
**Subscribers**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  subscribers</code></pre>{:/} | 775 |  | POINTER |  | [Protocol-101](Protocol-101)

## Sub-Files
### <a name="Item-101_01"></a>Item (101.01)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Item-101_01</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Item**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  item</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This points to a protocol which is subordinate to this protocol.<br/>NOTE:  The parent protocol or one of its ancestors may not be entered<br/>as an item. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Protocol-101](Protocol-101)
**Mnemonic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mnemonic</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This is a short abbreviation for the item. | STRING |  | 
**Sequence**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sequence</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | This is the order in which items in the list should be processed.  In the<br/>case of menus, the items are displayed in the order derived from this<br/>field.  In the case of protocols and extended actions, the items are<br/>executed in the order derived from this field. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Modifying Action**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  modifying_action</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | This points to a protocol which is executed before the item for this same<br/>entry is executed.  This allows the possibility of creating protocols<br/>which set up special variables, etc., according to the context of the<br/>protocol.  It also allows screens at the item level if the variables<br/>ORQUIT or ORABORT are used to prevent execution of the item. | POINTER |  | [Protocol-101](Protocol-101)
**Format Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  format_code</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | This allows items used on menus for formatting purposes to be made<br/>unselectable (sub-headers, blank lines, etc.). | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}output only: <em><strong>O</strong></em><br/>header: <em><strong>H</strong></em>{:/}
**Display Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  display_name</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | This allows the item text that normally appears on the menu to be<br/>displayed.  For example, this field may be used to set up menus so<br/>that items are displayed in mixed case, even though the item text may<br/>all be in upper case. | STRING |  | 
**Prompt**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  prompt</code></pre>{:/} | 11 | This is the actual prompt displayed for this item in the dialog. | STRING |  | 
**Default**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  default</code></pre>{:/} | 12 | This is the default response for this item in the dialog. | STRING |  | 
**Help**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  help</code></pre>{:/} | 13 | This is the help text displayed for this item in the dialog. | STRING |  | 
**Mode**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mode</code></pre>{:/} | 14 | This tells how this item should be treated when processing the dialog.<br/>  S - suppresses inclusion of the prompt when creating the text generated<br/>      by the dialog.<br/>  E - allows the item to only be presented when editing an existing<br/>      response.<br/>  R - identifies the field as required. | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Method-101_05"></a>Method (101.05)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Method-101_05</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Method**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  method</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is reserved for future use.  The numeric values of this field<br/>currently correspond to OE/RR actions. | NUMERIC | REQUIRED | 
**Method Action**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  method_action</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This is the code necessary to implement the method. | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>




{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}