---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Reminder_Dialog-801_41<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Reminder Dialog (801.41)
This file is used to define all of the components that work together to  define a reminder dialog. Reminder dialog definitions are used by the CPRS  GUI for reminder resolution.     This file contains a combination of nationally distributed entries, local  auto-generated entries, site and VISN exchanged entries and local manually  created entries. Nationally distributed dialog, element, and group  entries have their name prefixed with VA-. Nationally distributed Prompts,  Forced Value, Result Groups, and Result Elements have their name prefixed  with PXRM. Entries in this file may be auto-generated via the Dialog  Management Menu option. Manually created dialog entries should use local  namespacing conventions. Nationally distributed entries will have their  class type defined as National. Entries created at the VISN level should be  defined as VISN and entries created at a site should be defined as Local.     This file is similar to the option file where there are different types of  entries (reminder dialog, dialog elements (sentences), prompts, and groups  of elements, result elements and groups of result elements). Where an option  has menu items, the dialog file has components that are entered, with the  sequence field as the .01 field.    A prompt is defined for PCE prompts, WH Notification Purpose, or as locally  created comment check-boxes. The prompts will not have any components within  them. PXRM-prefixed prompts are distributed in this file with the Clinical  Reminder package.     A dialog element is defined primarily to represent sentences to display in  the CPRS window with a check-box. When the user checks the sentence off, the FINDING ITEM in the dialog element and the ADDITIONAL FINDINGS will be added  to the list of PCE updates, orders, WH Notification Purposes, and mental  health tests. The updates won't occur on the CPRS GUI until the user clicks  on the FINISH button. Dialog elements may have components added to them.  Auto-generated components will be based on the additional prompts defined in  the Finding Type Parameters. Once a dialog element is auto-generated, the  sites can modify them.     Dialog elements may also be instructional text or a header. The FINDING ITEM  and components would not be defined in dialog elements.     A dialog group is similar to menu options. It groups dialog elements and  dialog groups within its component multiple. The dialog group can be defined  with a finding item and a check-box. The components in the group can be  hidden from the CPRS GUI window until the dialog group is checked off.    A result element contains special logic that uses information entered during  the resolution process to create a sentence to add to the progress note. The  special logic contains a CONDITION that, when true, will use the ALTERNATE  PROGRESS NOTE TEXT field to update the progress note. A separate result  element is used for each separate sentence needed. The result element is  only used with mental health test finding items. Default result elements are  distributed for common mental health tests, prefixed with PXRM and the  mental health test name. Sites may copy them and modify their local versions  as needed.     A result group contains all of the result elements that need to be checked  to create sentences for one mental health test finding. The dialog element  for the test will have its RESULT GROUP/ELEMENT field defined with the  result group. Default result groups for mental health tests are distributed  with the Clinical Reminders package. Sites may copy them and modify their local  versions as needed.    Sites should name locally created items according to their local naming  convention.

**Global:** ^PXRMD(801.41,

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the name of the dialog entry. <br/><br/>Dialogs that are auto-generated from a reminder will default to the name of <br/>the reminder for ease in identifying the reminder dialog entry. Dialog <br/>elements that are auto-generated use the following naming convention:  <br/>Finding type prefix_ _Name from finding file_ _Resolution Status. Examples <br/>of two dialog element entry names generated from an Exam file entry for <br/>DIABETIC EYE EXAM follow.  <br/><br/>EX DIABETIC EYE EXAM DONE <br/>EX DIABETIC EYE EXAM DONE ELSEWHERE <br/>                                 <br/>Any item created locally can use any type of naming convention. Your site <br/>may want to create special namespacing for dialog entries that you create <br/>locally. <br/><br/>Entries prefixed with PXRM are prompts, result groups, and result elements <br/>that were distributed with the Clinical Reminders package. The PXRM-prefixed <br/>prompts are the additional prompts that can be asked for particular types of <br/>PCE findings and WH Notification Purpose. For example: PXRM COMMENT can be <br/>added to any PCE file to allow the user to enter an additional COMMENT <br/>beyond the dialog element's progress note text, and the PXRM LEVEL OF <br/>UNDERSTANDING can only be used with PCE Education Topic findings.   | STRING | REQUIRED | 
**Source Reminder**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  source_reminder</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This identifies which reminder definition is associated with this<br/>"Reminder Dialog" entry.  "Reminder Dialog" type entries are the only<br/>entries that require this field. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Reminder_Definition-811_9](Reminder_Definition-811_9)
**Disable**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  disable</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | This field disables the use of a dialog item. If a dialog item is<br/>marked as DISABLE AND SEND MESSAGE and a user tries to use it in<br/>CPRS, a message will be sent to the Clinical Reminders mail group.<br/> | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}DISABLE AND DO NOT SEND MESSAGE: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>DISABLE AND SEND MESSAGE: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>NO: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  type-4</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | This field defines what type of dialog component this entry is. The<br/>type determines the processing that can occur with this entry. <br/> <br/>Reminder dialogs are the dialog entries that can be mapped to a<br/>reminder definition. Reminder dialogs will typically contain several<br/>dialog elements and/or dialog groups. <br/> <br/>Dialog elements that are auto-generated represent a finding item and<br/>resolution status combination, based on the Finding Type Parameters for<br/>auto-generation. The dialog elements can be defined manually if<br/>needed. Dialog elements must have the FINDING ITEM field defined in<br/>order to cause the finding to be updated automatically. When no<br/>finding item is defined, the dialog element is treated as a header or<br/>instruction text in the CPRS GUI. Sites can also add Additional Finding<br/>items to automatically update when a dialog element is checked off. An<br/>example of using the additional finding would be for a dialog element<br/>for a diagnosis, that must always be recorded with a second diagnosis.<br/>Another example is when an Exam or Education Topic dialog element<br/>checked off should automatically add an additional ICD9 and/or CPT<br/>finding to PCE.<br/> <br/>Dialog elements will use the DIALOG/PROGRESS NOTE TEXT to display in<br/>the CPRS GUI window. This text will also be added to the progress note,<br/>unless the optional ALTERNATE PROGRESS NOTE TEXT field is defined. If<br/>the dialog text to display to the user needs to be different from the<br/>text to add to the progress note, use the ALTERNATE PROGRESS NOTE TEXT<br/>field to define the progress note text.<br/> <br/>Dialog Groups can be used to group dialog elements together. Groups<br/>can be displayed with a box around them and have selection rules<br/>applied to them (e.g., select one, one or more)  A dialog element can<br/>be changed to a dialog group by changing its TYPE.<br/>Prompts are distributed in the PXRM namespace to represent additional<br/>fields that the user can enter when an element is checked off. Prompts<br/>are added to dialog elements during auto-generation based on the<br/>finding type parameters. The PXRM COMMENT field is a generic comment<br/>field that can be used on all PCE related finding items. Dialog<br/>elements for "DONE ELSEWHERE" need to require the historical visit date<br/>prompt. The forced value is similar to a prompt, except it represents<br/>a stuffed prompt which doesn't need to be presented to answer. The PXRM<br/>prompts can be copied for local modification to create additional<br/>forced value entries if necessary.<br/> <br/>Prompts created locally (not copies of PXRM prompts) are treated as<br/>display text with checkboxes, which, when checked off, add text to a<br/>comment field which is added to the progress note text. Refer to these<br/>as Local Comment Prompts.<br/> <br/>Result Groups and Result Elements are distributed in the PXRM namespace<br/>and are associated with Mental Health Instrument finding items during<br/>auto-generation of a reminder dialog. When the mental health instrument<br/>finding item dialog element is selected by the CPRS GUI user, a window<br/>will be opened which contains the test's questions and probable answers.<br/>The selected answers are sent to the mental health package when the<br/>user selects OK. The mental health package returns the score and<br/>results which can be used within sentences. These sentences are defined<br/>as Result Elements, and can vary depending on the test score. If<br/>multiple sentences are possible depending on the score, the result<br/>elements should be defined in a result group. The result group should<br/>be added to the mental health test's dialog elements RESULT<br/>GROUP/ELEMENT field. Mental Health tests for use by Mental Health<br/>clinicians only are not available for CPRS reminder resolution.<br/> <br/>A reminder dialog can be made into a dialog group and added to another<br/>reminder's dialog. This allows multiple reminders to be addressed by<br/>one reminder dialog.<br/> <br/>Reminder Dialogs can include dialog elements that don't have anything<br/>to do with the findings defined in the reminder.<br/> <br/>Taxonomy dialogs are auto-generated based on the Taxonomy Dialog<br/>Parameters. The taxonomy dialog can be used as a black box that allows<br/>the users to enter current or historical encounter diagnoses or<br/>procedures, based on the selectable list of diagnosis parameters. <br/>Alternatively, a taxonomy can have individual dialog elements created<br/>for each coded value in the selectable list of diagnoses and<br/>procedures. It may be more useful for sites to create dialog elements<br/>for the common diagnoses and procedures they actively use and add them<br/>to groups, similar to the encounter form section and coded value<br/>groupings. | ENUMERATION | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}prompt: <em><strong>P</strong></em><br/>result group: <em><strong>S</strong></em><br/>forced value: <em><strong>F</strong></em><br/>result element: <em><strong>T</strong></em><br/>dialog element: <em><strong>E</strong></em><br/>reminder dialog: <em><strong>R</strong></em><br/>dialog group: <em><strong>G</strong></em>{:/}
**Caption**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  caption</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | The caption is used for prompt, dialog group, and reminder components.<br/>When a prompt has a caption defined, this is the text that should be<br/>used whenever the prompt is asked (e.g., Comment:). A dialog group can<br/>use the caption field to specify a header to use on a box around the<br/>group of dialog elements. The reminder dialog component can use the<br/>caption to specify a header to use on a box around the dialog<br/>elements for a reminder.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Box**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  box</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | This flag will be used to determine whether the components will be<br/>presented to the user in a box. If the caption field is defined, it<br/>will appear as header text in the top line of the box. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>Y</strong></em>{:/}
**Number Of Indents**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_of_indents</code></pre>{:/} | 7 | This is the number of indents that should be made before presenting the<br/>group's components/elements. Indent is used only for dialog groups. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Share Common Prompts**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  share_common_prompts</code></pre>{:/} | 8 | This field is used only for a dialog group where different dialog<br/>elements have common prompts. Prompts will be shared for all dialog<br/>elements unless otherwise selected. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Group Entry**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  group_entry</code></pre>{:/} | 9 | Used for dialog groups only.<br/> <br/>1 indicates that only one element in the dialog group may be selected.<br/>2 indicates that one or more elements must be selected.<br/>3 indicates that either none or one selection is required.<br/>4 indicates all selections are required.<br/>0 or null indicates no selection required.<br/> | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}ONE OR MORE SELECTIONS: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>ONE SELECTION ONLY: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>NO SELECTION REQUIRED: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>ALL SELECTIONS ARE REQUIRED: <em><strong>4</strong></em><br/>NONE OR ONE SELECTION: <em><strong>3</strong></em>{:/}
**Components**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  components</code></pre>{:/} | 10 | This field contains the components that are used to process a<br/>reminder.  Generally the components relate to the TYPE of entry in the<br/>Reminder Dialog File:<br/> <br/>     Reminder dialogs have dialog group or dialog element components.<br/>     Dialog groups have a combination of dialog element components.<br/>     Dialog elements have prompt and forced value components. | OBJECT |  | [Components-801_412](#Components-801_412)
**Resolution Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  resolution_type</code></pre>{:/} | 13 | This field contains what type of resolution is represented by this<br/>dialog entry. | POINTER |  | Reminder_Resolution_Status-801_9
**Finding Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  finding_type</code></pre>{:/} | 14 | 1f an additional prompt is restricted to use with only one type of<br/>finding item this field contains the mnemonic of the finding type. The<br/>mnemonics allowed are:<br/> <br/>   CPT  Procedure      <br/>   ED   Education Topic<br/>   EX   Exam<br/>   HF   Health Factor<br/>   IM   Immunization<br/>   OI   Orderable Item<br/>   POV  Diagnosis (ICD9) <br/>   ST   Skin Test<br/>   VM   Vital Measurement<br/>   WH   WH Notification Purpose<br/> <br/>(e.g. PXRM Contraindicated is restricted to IMMUNIZATION, <br/>finding type IM) | POINTER |  | Reminder_Finding_Type_Parameter-801_45
**Finding Item**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  finding_item</code></pre>{:/} | 15 | This is the finding item that should be created if the dialog<br/>element/group is checked in CPRS. Additional findings may be entered<br/>into the additional findings field. | POINTER |  | [Education_Topics-9999999_09](Education_Topics-9999999_09)<br/>[Immunization-9999999_14](Immunization-9999999_14)<br/>[Skin_Test-9999999_28](Skin_Test-9999999_28)<br/>[Exam-9999999_15](Exam-9999999_15)<br/>[Health_Factors-9999999_64](Health_Factors-9999999_64)<br/>[Gmrv_Vital_Type-120_51](Gmrv_Vital_Type-120_51)<br/>Reminder_Taxonomy-811_2<br/>[Order_Dialog-101_41](Order_Dialog-101_41)<br/>[Mh_Tests_And_Surveys-601_71](Mh_Tests_And_Surveys-601_71)<br/>[Wv_Notification_Purpose-790_404](Wv_Notification_Purpose-790_404)
**Orderable Item**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  orderable_item</code></pre>{:/} | 17 | Orderable item from the reminder definition. | POINTER |  | [Orderable_Items-101_43](Orderable_Items-101_43)
**Additional Findings**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  additional_findings</code></pre>{:/} | 18 |  | POINTER |  | [Education_Topics-9999999_09](Education_Topics-9999999_09)<br/>[Immunization-9999999_14](Immunization-9999999_14)<br/>[Skin_Test-9999999_28](Skin_Test-9999999_28)<br/>[Exam-9999999_15](Exam-9999999_15)<br/>[Health_Factors-9999999_64](Health_Factors-9999999_64)<br/>[Gmrv_Vital_Type-120_51](Gmrv_Vital_Type-120_51)<br/>[Order_Dialog-101_41](Order_Dialog-101_41)<br/>[Wv_Notification_Purpose-790_404](Wv_Notification_Purpose-790_404)<br/>Reminder_Taxonomy-811_2
**Default Value**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  default_value</code></pre>{:/} | 21 | This is the default value for an additional prompt.<br/> <br/>If entering defaults for the PXRM VISIT DATE prompt (or copies) then the<br/>following codes are available:<br/> <br/>  0  - no year is initially set (forces required dates to be entered).<br/>  M  - Month is required.<br/>  M0 - Month is required, no year initially set. | STRING |  | 
**Forced Value**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  forced_value</code></pre>{:/} | 22 | This is the value that will be used for a forced value type dialog. | STRING |  | 
**Exclude From Progress Note**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  exclude_from_progress_note</code></pre>{:/} | 23 | This field indicates that the question text of the dialog element will<br/>be excluded from the progress note. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Prompt Caption**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  prompt_caption</code></pre>{:/} | 24 | This is the caption that will be used for this prompt.  This caption<br/>can be overridden by the OVERRIDE PROMPT CAPTION field in the ITEMS<br/>multiple, which can be more specific for the instance of the prompt. | STRING |  | 
**Dialog/progress Note Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  dialog_progress_note_text</code></pre>{:/} | 25 | This is the sentence text that will appear in the reminder dialog and<br/>progress note. | STRING |  | 
**Alternate Progress Note Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  alternate_progress_note_text</code></pre>{:/} | 35 | This field is only required if the text on the progress note differs<br/>from the dialog text. | STRING |  | 
**Checkbox Sequence**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  checkbox_sequence</code></pre>{:/} | 45 | Comment prompts (with a GUI Process ID of COM) may have a number<br/>of checkboxes associated with the comment prompt. | OBJECT |  | [Checkbox_Sequence-801_4145](#Checkbox_Sequence-801_4145)
**Gui Process Id**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  gui_process_id</code></pre>{:/} | 46 | Additional prompts and forced values which update PCE should have a<br/>GUI Process ID. If an additional prompt or forced value is created by<br/>copying one of the PXRM prompts, the GUI Process ID field will automatically<br/>be populated by the copy process. | POINTER |  | Reminder_Gui_Process-801_42
**Hide/show Group**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  hide_show_group</code></pre>{:/} | 50 | Used for dialog groups.<br/> <br/>1 indicates that the group will be hidden until checked<br/>0 indicates that the group will be displayed  | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}HIDE: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>SHOW: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Suppress Checkbox**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  suppress_checkbox</code></pre>{:/} | 51 | If the field is set to SUPPRESS, the dialog element or group header will<br/>be displayed without a checkbox. Otherwise the WP text will be<br/>presented with a checkbox.<br/> <br/>If the dialog element or group header has a finding item associated<br/>with it the SUPPRESS CHECKBOX flag will be ignored.<br/> <br/>Also if the HIDE/SHOW GROUP field is set to hide, then the SUPPRESS<br/>CHECKBOX field will be ignored (the group header question must be a<br/>checkbox). | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}SUPPRESS: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Indent Progress Note Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  indent_progress_note_text</code></pre>{:/} | 52 | In a dialog group the dialog questions may be indented. This field<br/>allows the progress note text to be indented also. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}NO INDENT: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>INDENT: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Result Condition**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  result_condition</code></pre>{:/} | 53 | This field is used for dialog result elements only. The result<br/>condition determines if the progress note text of the result element<br/>will be included in the progress note e.g., I SCORE<2 will insert the<br/>text in the progress note if the SCORE from the mental health test is<br/>below 2.<br/><br/>Result Elements will only use the Raw Score returned from a MH test.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Exclude Mh Test From Pn Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  exclude_mh_test_from_pn_text</code></pre>{:/} | 54 | This flag is used to control whether or not a mental health instrument<br/>question will be excluded from the progress note text when the<br/>component is acted upon. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Class**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  class</code></pre>{:/} | 100 | This is the class of dialog. National dialogs cannot be edited. | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}LOCAL: <em><strong>L</strong></em><br/>NATIONAL: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>VISN: <em><strong>V</strong></em>{:/}
**Sponsor**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sponsor</code></pre>{:/} | 101 | This is the organization or group that sponsors this dialog. | POINTER |  | Reminder_Sponsor-811_6
**Review Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  review_date</code></pre>{:/} | 102 | The REVIEW DATE is used to determine when the dialog should be reviewed,<br/>to verify that it is current with the latest standards and guidelines. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Edit History**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edit_history</code></pre>{:/} | 110 | This multiple is used to record a history of changes to the dialog. | OBJECT |  | [Edit_History-801_44](#Edit_History-801_44)
**Identify**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  identify</code></pre>{:/} | 111 | This field will associate a dialog with a package or module. Example: <br/>if the field contained the letters IHD, then this dialog would be part of the <br/>Ischemic Heart Disease project. If one dialog had IHD1 in this field and <br/>another had IHD2 located in this field, we would know that they were associated <br/>with each other and were both part of the same project. | STRING | INDEXED | 
**Patient Specific**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  patient_specific</code></pre>{:/} | 112 | This field is used to identify a Reminder Dialog that has branching logic <br/>defined in the dialog. It is used<br/>in conjunction with three additional fields<br/>(Reminder Term, Reminder Term Status, and Replacement Element/group) defined <br/>at the item level of the Reminder Dialog.<br/> <br/>This field is used by CPRS to identify if the dialog set-up should be cached <br/>or re-built between every use. If the field is set to Yes,<br/>then the dialog will<br/>be re-loaded every time it is opened in CPRS. If the field is set to No or <br/>Null, the dialog set-up will be stored in CPRS the first time the dialog is <br/>loaded for the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}FALSE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>TRUE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Mh Test Required**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mh_test_required</code></pre>{:/} | 113 | The value defined in this field is used to control whether or not a<br/>mental health (MH) test is required to open from the reminder<br/>dialog, and whether the test must be completed before the reminder<br/>dialog can be finished in CPRS.<br/><br/>If the value is 0, the user is not required to select/open the MH<br/>test before the reminder dialog can be finished. <br/><br/>If the value is 1, the user is required to select/open and complete<br/>the MH test in the reminder dialog before the reminder dialog can be<br/>finished. <br/><br/>If the value is 2, the user is not required to select/open the MH<br/>test in the reminder dialog; however, if the user opens the MH test,<br/>then the user is required to complete or Cancel the MH test before<br/>the reminder dialog can be finished. <br/><br/>Clicking Cancel in the MH test dialog is considered the same as not<br/>opening the MH test. <br/><br/>A value of 2 only works with CPRS 27 and the YS_MHA.dll file. If 2<br/>is used in a pre-CPRS 27 environment, the value of 2 will be<br/>considered the same as the value 1.<br/><br/> | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}Optional open and required complete or cancel before finish: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>Required open and required complete before finish: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>Optional open and optional complete (partial complete possible): <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Lock**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lock</code></pre>{:/} | 114 | This field is used to "Lock" a reminder dialog, dialog element, and/or a <br/>dialog group from being copied and/or edited. It will prevent any copying <br/>and/or editing of a dialog element if a finding item is defined or if the <br/>only finding item defined for the element/group is an order.  | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Reminder Term**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reminder_term</code></pre>{:/} | 116 | This field is a pointer to file 811.5. If a reminder term is defined in this <br/>field when the dialog is loaded by CPRS, the reminder term will be <br/>evaluated. The Reminder Term evaluation will return either a True of False <br/>value. The value returned by the Reminder Term evaluation is used in <br/>conjunction with the Reminder Term Status field. | POINTER |  | Reminder_Term-811_5
**Reminder Term Status**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reminder_term_status</code></pre>{:/} | 117 | This field is used in conjunction with the Reminder Term field. It will be <br/>used to determine if a Reminder Dialog Element/Group should do a special <br/>action. When the Reminder Term is defined in field #116, the True/False <br/>result of the term evaluation will be compared to the value defined in this <br/>field. If the value matches the dialog, it will complete the action defined <br/>in field #118. If the reminder term evaluation value does not match the <br/>value defined in this field, the default action of the element/group is <br/>loaded into CPRS. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}FALSE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>TRUE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Replacement Element/group**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  replacement_element_group</code></pre>{:/} | 118 | This field is used to determine if a dialog element/group should be replaced <br/>with another element/group or if the original element/group should be <br/>suppressed in the Dialog.  <br/><br/>If the Reminder Term defined in field #116 is evaluated and matches the <br/>value defined in field #117, then the dialog element/group will either be <br/>replaced or suppressed depending on the value defined in this field. This <br/>field points to file 801.41.  If there is an active element/group defined <br/>in this field, then the original dialog element/group will be replaced with <br/>the new dialog element/group. If this field is null, then the original <br/>dialog element/group will be suppressed in CPRS. | POINTER |  | [Reminder_Dialog-801_41](Reminder_Dialog-801_41)
**Mh Test**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mh_test</code></pre>{:/} | 119 | This field is used to assign a mental health test to a result group. The<br/>value assigned to this field must match the mental health test assigned<br/>to the dialog element finding item.<br/> | POINTER |  | [Mh_Tests_And_Surveys-601_71](Mh_Tests_And_Surveys-601_71)
**Mh Scale**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mh_scale</code></pre>{:/} | 120 | This field stores the mental health scale number used when obtaining<br/>a score for the mental health test defined in the MH Test field<br/>#119.<br/> | NUMERIC |  | 
**Result Group List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  result_group_list</code></pre>{:/} | 121 | This multiple assigns one or more result groups to the MH Test <br/>finding item, field #119, for creating progress note text. The text<br/>will change depending on the score of the MH Test. The score depends<br/>on the scale defined in the MH Scale field, #120.<br/><br/> | POINTER |  | [Reminder_Dialog-801_41](Reminder_Dialog-801_41)
**Taxonomy Pick List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  taxonomy_pick_list</code></pre>{:/} | 123 | This field is used to determine how a Taxonomy should be display to an <br/>user in CPRS. A selection of:<br/> <br/>  A: Displays two pick lists one for Diagnosis Codes and one for <br/>     procedure codes.<br/>  D: Displays a pick list for Diagnosis Codes only. The procedures codes <br/>     will automatically be filed to VistA when the dialog is finish.<br/>  P: Displays a pick list for Procedure Codes only. The diagnosis codes <br/>     will automatically be filed to VistA when the dialog is finish.<br/>  N: Does not displays a pick list. Both the diagnosis and procedures <br/>     codes will be filed to VistA when the dialog is finish. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}ALL: <em><strong>A</strong></em><br/>NO PICK LIST: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>DIAGNOSIS ONLY: <em><strong>D</strong></em><br/>PROCEDURE ONLY: <em><strong>P</strong></em>{:/}
**POV Header**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  pov_header</code></pre>{:/} | 141 | This field is used to set the diagnosis header text to display in CPRS <br/>when using a Taxonomy. | STRING |  | 
**Cpt Header**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  cpt_header</code></pre>{:/} | 142 | This field is used to set the Procedure Text to display in CPRS when <br/>using a Taxonomy. | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>

## Sub-Files
### <a name="Components-801_412"></a>Components (801.412)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Components-801_412</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Sequence**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sequence</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This field specifies the order in which this item will be displayed or<br/>processed. | NUMERIC | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Item**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  item</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This field points to a dialog which is subordinate to this dialog.<br/>NOTE:  The parent dialog menu or one of its ancestors may not be entered<br/>as an item. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Reminder_Dialog-801_41](Reminder_Dialog-801_41)
**Override Prompt Caption**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  override_prompt_caption</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | This text will override the caption for this component in the reminder<br/>dialog, when the component is a prompt.  When the text is blank, the<br/>caption from the prompt entry will be used. | STRING |  | 
**Start New Line**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  start_new_line</code></pre>{:/} | 7 | This flag is used to allow the user to have some control of the display<br/>of prompts related to a dialog element. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Exclude From Pn Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  exclude_from_pn_text</code></pre>{:/} | 8 | This flag is used to control whether or not a component will be<br/>excluded from the progress note text when the component is acted upon. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Required**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  required</code></pre>{:/} | 9 |  | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Checkbox_Sequence-801_4145"></a>Checkbox Sequence (801.4145)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Checkbox_Sequence-801_4145</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Checkbox Sequence**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  checkbox_sequence</code></pre>{:/} | .01 |  | NUMERIC | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  text</code></pre>{:/} | 2 |  | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Edit_History-801_44"></a>Edit History (801.44)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Edit_History-801_44</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Edit Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edit_date</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the date and time when the editing was done. This field is set<br/>automatically and should not be changed by the user. | DATE-TIME | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Edit By**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edit_by</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This is the person who did the editing. This field is set automatically<br/>and should not be changed by the user. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Edit Comments**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edit_comments</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This word-processing field can be used to record the changes made<br/>during the editing session. | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>




{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on August 24th 2017, 2:57:39 pm</p>{:/}