---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Reminder_Definition-811_9<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Reminder Definition (811.9)
This file contains Clinical Reminder definitions. For a detailed description of the contents of this file, see the Clinical Reminders Manager Manual. Additional information may be found at the Clinical Reminders web site: http//vista.domain.ext/reminders  This file contains a combination of nationally distributed and local entries. Any local entries are assigned an internal entry number prefixed with your site number. Nationally distributed entries have their name prefixed with VA-. Local entry names cannot start with VA-.

**Global:** ^PXD(811.9,

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This field is the name of a clinical reminder definition. Nationally<br/>distributed reminder definition names are prefixed with "VA-". The<br/>VA- prefixed reminder definitions cannot be altered by a site, but<br/>may be inactivated so they will not be selectable or evaluated in<br/>the CPRS GUI.<br/> <br/>Local modifications can be made to any "VA-" reminder definition by<br/>copying the definition to a new one with a unique name and then<br/>making modifications to the new definition which meet local<br/>criteria. | STRING | REQUIRED | 
**Print Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  print_name</code></pre>{:/} | 1.2 | This is the name that is used when the results of a reminder evaluation<br/>are displayed. | STRING |  | 
**Do In Advance Time Frame**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  do_in_advance_time_frame</code></pre>{:/} | 1.3 | This field is used to let a reminder become due earlier than the<br/>date determined by adding the frequency to the date when the<br/>reminder was last resolved. For example, if the frequency is 1Y (one<br/>year) and the DO IN ADVANCE TIME FRAME is 1M (one month), the<br/>reminder would have a status of "DUE SOON" 11 months after it was<br/>last resolved. After one year has passed, the STATUS would be "DUE".<br/><br/>Frequencies have the form IU where I is an integer and U is one of<br/>the following units: H (hours), D (days), W (weeks), M (months), and<br/>Y (years).<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Related Reminder Guideline**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  related_reminder_guideline</code></pre>{:/} | 1.4 | If a local reminder replaces a national reminder, this field can be<br/>used to identify the related national reminder. | POINTER |  | [Reminder_Definition-811_9](Reminder_Definition-811_9)
**Inactive Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  inactive_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 1.6 | Reminders that are inactive will not be evaluated. The Clinical<br/>Maintenance component will return a message stating the reminder is<br/>inactive and the date when it was made inactive.<br/><br/>Other applications that use reminders may use this flag to determine<br/>if a reminder can be selected for inclusion. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}INACTIVE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Inactive Change Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  inactive_change_date</code></pre>{:/} | 1.7 | This is the date and time when the INACTIVE FLAG was last changed. It<br/>is set automatically. Users should never edit this field. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Ignore On N/a**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ignore_on_n_a</code></pre>{:/} | 1.8 | This field allows the user to stop reminders from being printed in<br/>the Clinical Maintenance component if the reminder is N/A. This is a<br/>free text field that can contain any combination of the following<br/>codes:<br/> <br/>Code  Description<br/> A    N/A due to not meeting age criteria.<br/> I    N/A due to inactive reminder.<br/> R    N/A due to the wrong race.<br/> S    N/A due to the wrong sex.<br/> *    N/A for any reason. | STRING |  | 
**Sex Specific**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sex_specific</code></pre>{:/} | 1.9 | This field is used to make a reminder sex specific. If an "F" is<br/>entered, the reminder applies only to females. If an "M" is entered,<br/>the reminder applies only to males. If it is left blank, then the<br/>reminder is applicable to either sex.<br/><br/>If CUSTOM COHORT LOGIC is defined and it does not contain SEX, then<br/>this field will be ignored.<br/> | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}MALE: <em><strong>M</strong></em><br/>FEMALE: <em><strong>F</strong></em>{:/}
**Priority**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  priority</code></pre>{:/} | 1.91 | REMINDER PRIORITY is used by the CPRS GUI for sorting purposes. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}HIGH: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>MEDIUM: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>LOW: <em><strong>3</strong></em>{:/}
**Description**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  description</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This field contains a description of the clinical reminder. It is<br/>used to document its purpose and intended usage. | STRING |  | 
**Technical Description**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  technical_description</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | The TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION is for documenting how a reminder is<br/>supposed to function and why the definition is set up the way it is. | STRING |  | 
**Baseline Age Findings**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  baseline_age_findings</code></pre>{:/} | 7 | This multiple is for defining reminder frequency age ranges sets. It<br/>can be used to specify different frequencies for different ages. For<br/>example, you could define a frequency of every 3 years for ages 40<br/>to 49 as the first age range set, a frequency of every 2 years for<br/>ages 50 to 59 as the second, and a frequency of once a year for ages<br/>60 to 75. With this set the reminder would be due every 3 years for<br/>ages 40 to 49, every 2 years for ages 50 to 59, and once a year for<br/>ages 60 to 75. | OBJECT |  | [Baseline_Age_Findings-811_97](#Baseline_Age_Findings-811_97)
**Findings**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  findings</code></pre>{:/} | 20 | This multiple identifies which finding items to use when evaluating the<br/>reminder. Finding items may be categorized into 4 types of findings:<br/>age, patient cohort, resolution, and informational. How patient findings<br/>are used depends on the values given to the various fields associated with <br/>findings. See the description of those fields to learn what they do. | OBJECT |  | [Findings-811_902](#Findings-811_902)
**Function Findings**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  function_findings</code></pre>{:/} | 25 | This multiple is used to define function findings; each function<br/>finding is labeled by an integer: the FUNCTION FINDING NUMBER. The<br/>user defines a function finding by inputting a FUNCTION FINDING<br/>NUMBER and associated FUNCTION STRING. Function Findings are then<br/>used in the reminder definition logic by reference to FF(FUNCTION<br/>FINDING NUMBER). For example, if function findings 1 and 2 were<br/>defined, then they could be used in the cohort or resolution logic as<br/>FF(1) and FF(2).<br/><br/>Function findings can be used in the resolution logic with one<br/>caveat. They do not have a date associated with them; therefore, the<br/>resolution logic must be written so that it cannot be made true<br/>solely by a function finding. | OBJECT |  | [Function_Findings-811_925](#Function_Findings-811_925)
**Customized Cohort Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  customized_cohort_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 30 | This field may be used to define a customized Patient Cohort Logic<br/>string. Typically this is done when the USE IN PATIENT COHORT LOGIC<br/>fields associated with each finding do not provide the ability to<br/>create the required logic string. The requirement for custom logic<br/>arises when the required logic is more complex than can be<br/>represented by simple concatenation of Boolean logical operators and<br/>findings.<br/><br/>Detailed information on how to create the custom logic string can be<br/>found in the Clinical Reminders Manager Manual. | STRING |  | 
**Internal Patient Cohort Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  internal_patient_cohort_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 31 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Patient Cohort Findings Count**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  patient_cohort_findings_count</code></pre>{:/} | 32 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Patient Cohort Findings List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  patient_cohort_findings_list</code></pre>{:/} | 33 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Customized Resolution Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  customized_resolution_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 34 | This field may be used to define a customized Resolution Logic<br/>string. Typically this is done when the USE IN RESOLUTION LOGIC<br/>fields associated with each finding do not provide the ability to<br/>create the required logic string. The requirement for custom logic<br/>arises when the required logic is more complex than can be<br/>represented by simple concatenation of Boolean logical operators and<br/>findings.<br/><br/>Detailed information on how to create the custom logic string can be<br/>found in the Clinical Reminders Manager Manual.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Internal Resolution Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  internal_resolution_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 35 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Resolution Findings Count**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  resolution_findings_count</code></pre>{:/} | 36 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Resolution Findings List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  resolution_findings_list</code></pre>{:/} | 37 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Age Findings Count**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  age_findings_count</code></pre>{:/} | 40 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Age Findings List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  age_findings_list</code></pre>{:/} | 41 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Information Findings Count**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  information_findings_count</code></pre>{:/} | 42 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Information Findings List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  information_findings_list</code></pre>{:/} | 43 | This field is computed by the Clinical Reminders software and should<br/>never be edited by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Custom Date Due**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  custom_date_due</code></pre>{:/} | 45 | When a CUSTOM DATE DUE is defined, it takes precedence over the<br/>standard date due calculation. This means the normal date due<br/>calculation that is based on the dates of the resolution findings<br/>and the final frequency is not done. Only the dates of the findings<br/>and the frequencies specified in the Custom Date Due string are<br/>used. Any finding that is in the reminder definition can be used in<br/>the Custom Date Due string; it is not limited to those defined as<br/>resolution findings.<br/><br/>The final age range will still be used to determine if the patient<br/>is in the cohort; however, the frequency associated with this age<br/>range is not used. Only the frequencies specified in the Custom Date<br/>Due String are used. They are added to the date of the associated<br/>finding to determine the dates used by either the MIN_DATE or<br/>MAX_DATE functions.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Custom Date Due Function**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  custom_date_due_function</code></pre>{:/} | 46 | This field contains the function used in the CUSTOM DATE DUE. It is<br/>created automatically and should not be set by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Number Of Arguments**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_of_arguments</code></pre>{:/} | 47 | This is the number of arguments (findings) used in the CUSTOM DATE<br/>DUE. It is created automatically and should not be set by hand. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Custom Date Due Arg List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  custom_date_due_arg_list</code></pre>{:/} | 48 | This is the list of arguments (findings) used in the CUSTOM DATE<br/>DUE. It is used to efficiently calculate the resolution date from<br/>the custom date due string. It is created automatically and should<br/>not be set by hand. | OBJECT |  | [Custom_Date_Due_Arg_List-811_948](#Custom_Date_Due_Arg_List-811_948)
**Web Sites**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  web_sites</code></pre>{:/} | 50 | This multiple contains Web sites that have information related to<br/>this reminder. The list of web sites will be displayed in the CPRS<br/>GUI if the user right-clicks on a reminder and then selects<br/>reference information. If a particular web site is clicked on, the<br/>GUI will open a browser at that web site. | OBJECT |  | [Web_Sites-811_9002](#Web_Sites-811_9002)
**Linked Reminder Dialog**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  linked_reminder_dialog</code></pre>{:/} | 51 | This is the Reminder Dialog that will be used when the reminder is<br/>processed in the CPRS GUI. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Reminder_Dialog-801_41](Reminder_Dialog-801_41)
**General Cohort Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  general_cohort_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 60 | This optional field defines the detailed text to display when the<br/>Patient Cohort Logic is true. Detailed text is used for components<br/>such as Clinical Maintenance and MyHealtheVet Detailed. | STRING |  | 
**General Cohort Not Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  general_cohort_not_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 61 | This optional field defines the detailed text to display when the<br/>Patient Cohort Logic is false. Detailed text is used for components<br/>such as Clinical Maintenance and MyHealtheVet Detailed.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**# Of Gen. Cohort Found Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_of_gen_cohort_found_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 62 | This is the number of lines in the GENERAL COHORT FOUND TEXT. If the<br/>number ends with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This field<br/>is set automatically during reminder edit and should never be edited<br/>by hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**# Gen. Cohort Not Found Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_gen_cohort_not_found_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 63 | This is the number of lines in the GENERAL COHORT NOT FOUND TEXT. If<br/>the number ends with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This<br/>field is set automatically during reminder edit and should never be<br/>edited by hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**General Res. Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  general_res_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 65 | This optional field defines the detailed text to display when the<br/>Resolution Logic is true. Detailed text is used for components such as<br/>Clinical Maintenance and MyHealtheVet Detailed.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**General Res. Not Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  general_res_not_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 66 | This optional field defines the detailed text to display when the<br/>Resolution Logic is false. Detailed text is used for components such as<br/>Clinical Maintenance and MyHealtheVet Detailed.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**# Gen. Res. Found Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_gen_res_found_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 67 | This is the number of lines in the GENERAL RESOLUTION FOUND TEXT. If<br/>the number ends with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This<br/>field is set automatically during reminder edit and should never be<br/>edited by hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**# Gen. Res. Not Found Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_gen_res_not_found_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 68 | This is the number of lines in the GENERAL RESOLUTION NOT FOUND<br/>TEXT. If the number ends with "T" then the text contains TIU<br/>objects. This field is set automatically during reminder edit and<br/>should never be edited by hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Rescission Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  rescission_date</code></pre>{:/} | 69 | This is the rescission date for this reminder definition. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Summary Cohort Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  summary_cohort_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 70 | This optional field defines the summary text to display when the<br/>Patient Cohort Logic is true. Summary text is used for components such<br/>as MyHealtheVet Summary. | STRING |  | 
**Summary Cohort Not Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  summary_cohort_not_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 71 | This optional field defines the summary text to display when the<br/>Patient Cohort Logic is false. Summary text is used for components such <br/>MyHealtheVet Summary. | STRING |  | 
**# Sum. Cohort Found Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_sum_cohort_found_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 72 | This is the number of lines in the SUMMARY COHORT FOUND TEXT. If the<br/>number ends with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This field<br/>is set automatically during reminder edit and should never be edited<br/>by hand.  <br/> | STRING |  | 
**# Sum. Cohort Not Found Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_sum_cohort_not_found_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 73 | This is the number of lines in the SUMMARY COHORT NOT FOUND TEXT. If<br/>the number ends with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This<br/>field is set automatically during reminder edit and should never be<br/>edited by hand.   | STRING |  | 
**Summary Res. Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  summary_res_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 75 | This optional field defines the summary text to display when the<br/>Resolution Logic is true. Summary text is used for components such <br/>as MyHealtheVet Summary.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Summary Res. Not Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  summary_res_not_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 76 | This optional field defines the summary text to display when the<br/>Resolution Logic is false. Summary text is used for components such <br/>as MyHealtheVet Summary.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**# Sum. Res. Found Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_sum_res_found_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 77 | This is the number of lines in the SUMMARY RESOLUTION FOUND TEXT. If<br/>the number ends with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This<br/>field is set automatically during reminder edit and should never be<br/>edited by hand.  <br/> | STRING |  | 
**# Sum. Res. Not Found Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_sum_res_not_found_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 78 | This is the number of lines in the SUMMARY RESOLUTION NOT FOUND<br/>TEXT. If the number ends with "T" then the text contains TIU<br/>objects. This field is set automatically during reminder edit and<br/>should never be edited by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Class**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  class</code></pre>{:/} | 100 | This is the CLASS of the definition. Possible classes are "N" for<br/>national, "V" for VISN, and "L" for local. National definitions cannot<br/>be edited by sites.<br/><br/> | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}LOCAL: <em><strong>L</strong></em><br/>NATIONAL: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>VISN: <em><strong>V</strong></em>{:/}
**Sponsor**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sponsor</code></pre>{:/} | 101 | This is the organization or group that sponsors this definition. | POINTER |  | [Reminder_Sponsor-811_6](Reminder_Sponsor-811_6)
**Review Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  review_date</code></pre>{:/} | 102 | The REVIEW DATE is used to determine when the definition should be<br/>reviewed to verify that it is current with the latest standards and<br/>guidelines. You can find all reminder definitions whose review date<br/>has passed using the Clinical Reminders Review Date Report. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Usage**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  usage</code></pre>{:/} | 103 | The Usage field describes how the reminder definition can be<br/>used. This field must contain C or * if the reminder is to be selected<br/>in CPRS. The L or the O values will override all other values. For<br/>example, if L and C are defined in the Usage field, the Reminder<br/>will not show on the cover sheet in CPRS, because L is in the<br/>Usage field.<br/> <br/>This is free text field and can contain any combination of the<br/>following codes: <br/>                                 <br/>             Code  Usage <br/>              C    CPRS  <br/>              L    Reminder Patient List<br/>              O    Reminder Order Checks<br/>              P    Patient<br/>              R    Reminder Reports  <br/>              X    Reminder Extracts  <br/>              *    All of the above, except L, O, and P.<br/> | STRING | REQUIRED | 
**Edit History**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edit_history</code></pre>{:/} | 110 | This multiple is used to record a history of changes made to the<br/>definition. | OBJECT |  | [Edit_History-811_9001](#Edit_History-811_9001)

## Sub-Files
### <a name="Baseline_Age_Findings-811_97"></a>Baseline Age Findings (811.97)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Baseline_Age_Findings-811_97</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Reminder Frequency**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reminder_frequency</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the frequency for the reminder. It is input as nU where n is<br/>an integer between 0 and 9999 inclusive and U is a unit. Allowed<br/>units are H (hours) D (days), W (weeks), M (months), and Y (years).<br/>If a reminder is only to be given once in a lifetime use a frequency<br/>of 99Y. The special frequency of 0Y will make a reminder never due.<br/><br/> | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Minimum Age**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  minimum_age</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This field specifies the minimum age for defining an age range<br/>associated with a frequency. Leave it blank if there is no minimum age. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Maximum Age**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  maximum_age</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This field specifies the maximum age for defining an age range<br/>associated with a frequency. Leave it blank if there is no maximum age. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Age Match Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  age_match_text</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | This is the text that will be displayed in the Clinical Maintenance<br/>component if the patient's age falls within the age range. | STRING |  | 
**Age No Match Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  age_no_match_text</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | This is the text that will be displayed in the Clinical Maintenance<br/>component if the patient's age does not fall in the age range. | STRING |  | 
**No. Of Age Match Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  no_of_age_match_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | This is the number of lines in the age match text. If the number ends<br/>with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This field is set<br/>automatically during reminder edit and should never be edited by hand. | STRING |  | 
**No. Of Age No Match Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  no_of_age_no_match_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | This is the number of lines in the age no match text. If the number ends<br/>with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This field is set<br/>automatically during reminder edit and should never be edited by hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Findings-811_902"></a>Findings (811.902)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Findings-811_902</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Finding Item**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  finding_item</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This field identifies the finding items included in the reminder<br/>definition.<br/><br/>Hint: To add a second occurrence of a finding, enclose it in quotes,<br/>i.e., "Prefix.Name"<br/><br/> | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Drug-50](Drug-50)<br/>[Education_Topics-9999999_09](Education_Topics-9999999_09)<br/>[Exam-9999999_15](Exam-9999999_15)<br/>[Health_Factors-9999999_64](Health_Factors-9999999_64)<br/>[Immunization-9999999_14](Immunization-9999999_14)<br/>[Laboratory_Test-60](Laboratory_Test-60)<br/>[Mh_Tests_And_Surveys-601_71](Mh_Tests_And_Surveys-601_71)<br/>[Orderable_Items-101_43](Orderable_Items-101_43)<br/>[Rad_nuc_Med_Procedures-71](Rad_nuc_Med_Procedures-71)<br/>[Reminder_Computed_Findings-811_4](Reminder_Computed_Findings-811_4)<br/>[Reminder_Taxonomy-811_2](Reminder_Taxonomy-811_2)<br/>[Reminder_Term-811_5](Reminder_Term-811_5)<br/>[Skin_Test-9999999_28](Skin_Test-9999999_28)<br/>[VA_Drug_Class-50_605](VA_Drug_Class-50_605)<br/>[VA_Generic-50_6](VA_Generic-50_6)<br/>[Gmrv_Vital_Type-120_51](Gmrv_Vital_Type-120_51)<br/>[Reminder_Location_List-810_9](Reminder_Location_List-810_9)
**Minimum Age**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  minimum_age</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This field specifies the minimum age for defining an age range<br/>associated with a frequency. Leave it blank if there is no minimum age. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Maximum Age**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  maximum_age</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This field specifies the maximum age for defining an age range<br/>associated with a frequency. Leave it blank if there is no maximum age. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Reminder Frequency**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reminder_frequency</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | If this finding is true (found) then use this frequency and the age<br/>range specified by the MINIMUM AGE and MAXIMUM AGE to override the<br/>baseline frequency age range set.<br/><br/>It is input as nU where n is an integer between 0 and 9999 inclusive<br/>and U is a unit. Allowed  units are H (hours) D (days), W (weeks), M<br/>(months), and Y (years). If a reminder is only to be given once in a<br/>lifetime use a frequency of 99Y. The special frequency of 0Y will<br/>make a reminder never due.<br/><br/> | STRING |  | 
**Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | This is the text that will be displayed in the Clinical Maintenance<br/>output if this finding is found (true). | STRING |  | 
**Not Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  not_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | This is the text that will be displayed in the Clinical Maintenance<br/>output if the finding is not found (false). | STRING |  | 
**Rank Frequency**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  rank_frequency</code></pre>{:/} | 6 | This field is used to rank the frequency and age range sets associated<br/>with a finding. If there is more than one true finding that can<br/>override the baseline frequency age range set, then the determination of<br/>which one to use is made based on the finding with the highest rank.<br/>Ranks can range from 1 to 999 with 1 being the highest rank.<br/> <br/>When the Rank field is blank (null) for all true findings that can<br/>override the baseline frequency age range set, then the frequency that<br/>will cause the reminder to be given most often will be used. For<br/>example, if finding 1 has a frequency of 6 months, and finding 2 has a<br/>frequency of 1 year, finding 1 will be used to override the baseline. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Use In Resolution Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_in_resolution_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 7 | This optional field is used to indicate that this finding item<br/>should be included as part of the resolution logic for this<br/>reminder. Note - if the CUSTOMIZED RESOLUTION LOGIC is defined then<br/>this field is ignored.<br/> <br/>Valid entries for the USE IN RESOLUTION LOGIC field are:<br/> <br/>                       EQUATES TO BOOLEAN<br/>  OPERATOR   VALUE     OPERATOR LOGIC<br/>  --------   -----     ------------------<br/>             BLANK     not included in Resolution Logic<br/>                       (Use @ to delete value)<br/>   &         AND       &(Finding)<br/>   !         OR        !(Finding)<br/>   &'        AND NOT   &'(Finding)<br/>   !'        OR NOT    !'(Finding)<br/> <br/>All finding items that have a value in this field are automatically<br/>combined to create the DEFAULT RESOLUTION LOGIC.<br/> <br/>After all findings have been evaluated, the finding item is replaced<br/>by its true or false value in the resolution logic and the<br/>resolution logic is evaluated. If the resolution logic evaluates to<br/>true, then the last resolution date is determined. The applicable<br/>frequency is added to the resolution date to determine when the<br/>reminder is next due. If the resolution logic evaluates to false,<br/>then reminder is due. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}AND: <em><strong>&</strong></em><br/>AND NOT: <em><strong>&'</strong></em><br/>OR: <em><strong>!</strong></em><br/>OR NOT: <em><strong>!'</strong></em>{:/}
**Use In Patient Cohort Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_in_patient_cohort_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 8 | This optional field is used to indicate that this finding item<br/>should be included as part of the Patient Cohort Logic for this<br/>reminder. Note - if the CUSTOMIZED COHORT LOGIC is defined then this<br/>field is ignored.<br/> <br/>Valid entries for the USE IN PATIENT COHORT LOGIC field are:<br/> <br/>                     EQUATES TO BOOLEAN<br/>  OPERATOR  VALUE     OPERATOR LOGIC<br/>  --------  -----     ------------------<br/>            BLANK     not included in Patient Cohort Logic<br/>                      (Use @ to delete value)<br/>   &        AND       &(Finding)<br/>   !        OR        !(Finding)<br/>   &'       AND NOT   &'(Finding)<br/>   !'       OR NOT    !'(Finding)<br/> <br/>All finding items that have a value in this field are automatically<br/>combined to create the DEFAULT COHORT LOGIC. The default logic<br/>string initially includes (SEX)&(AGE), regardless of whether the<br/>baseline specifies SEX and AGE criteria. Each finding item with a<br/>value in the Use In Patient Cohort Logic field is appended to the<br/>string by using the operator and finding item. For example, if<br/>finding item 2 had an operator for this field of "&" then the string<br/>would be (SEX)&(AGE)&FI(2).<br/><br/>After all findings have been evaluated, the finding item is replaced<br/>by its true or false value in the cohort logic and the cohort logic<br/>is evaluated. If the cohort logic evaluates to true, then the reminder<br/>is applicable to the patient. If the cohort logic evaluates to false,<br/>then reminder is non-applicable or N/A. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}AND: <em><strong>&</strong></em><br/>AND NOT: <em><strong>&'</strong></em><br/>OR: <em><strong>!</strong></em><br/>OR NOT: <em><strong>!'</strong></em>{:/}
**Beginning Date/time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  beginning_date_time</code></pre>{:/} | 9 | This is the beginning date/time to search for the finding. When<br/>combined with the ENDING DATE/TIME, they define a date range in<br/>which to search for the finding.<br/><br/>This can be entered in any of the acceptable FileMan date/time<br/>formats and abbreviations. See the FileMan Getting Started Manual to<br/>learn about acceptable FileMan date/time formats and abbreviations.<br/><br/>In addition, you can use the abbreviations T-NY or NOW-NY,where N is<br/>an integer and Y stands for years. The date of another finding in<br/>the form FIEVAL(M,"DATE") or FIEVAL(M,N,"DATE") where M is the<br/>number of the finding and N is an occurrence may also be used. For<br/>example, FIEVAL(M,"DATE")-3M would set the Beginning Date/Time to<br/>the date of finding M minus three months. Note that when this form<br/>is used and finding M is false no Beginning Date/Time can be<br/>determined so this finding will be set to false.<br/><br/>If this field is null, then the beginning date/time will correspond<br/>with the  date/time of the oldest entry in the patient's record.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Use Inactive Problems**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_inactive_problems</code></pre>{:/} | 10 | Normally only active problems from the Problem List will be used in the<br/>reminder evaluation. If USE INACTIVE PROBLEMS is set to YES then both<br/>active and inactive problems will be used. Note that this field applies<br/>only to taxonomy findings. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}YES: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>N: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Within Category Rank**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  within_category_rank</code></pre>{:/} | 11 | This field applies only to health factors. In order to understand<br/>how it works, you need to understand how health factors work in the<br/>reminder evaluation process. If you are not clear about this, see<br/>the health factor section of the Clinical Reminder Manager Manual.<br/><br/>The default behavior is to use only the most recent health factor<br/>within a category. A problem can arise if there are two or more<br/>health factors within a category and they both have the same date.<br/>(This can happen if both health factors are given during the same<br/>encounter).  When the dates are the same, the health factor with the<br/>highest WITHIN CATEGORY RANK will be used. This is a numerical value<br/>like RANK FREQUENCY, with 1 being the highest rank.<br/><br/>If WITHIN CATEGORY RANK has the special value of 0, then the<br/>categorization of health factors will be ignored and the health<br/>factor will be treated as a distinct finding. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Ending Date/time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ending_date_time</code></pre>{:/} | 12 | This is the ending date/time to search for findings. When combined<br/>with the BEGINNING DATE/TIME they define a date range in which to<br/>search for the finding. The ENDING DATE/TIME must be after the<br/>BEGINNING DATE/TIME.<br/><br/>This can be entered in any of the acceptable FileMan date/time<br/>formats and abbreviations. See the FileMan Getting Started Manual to<br/>learn about acceptable FileMan date/time formats and abbreviations.<br/><br/>In addition, you can use the abbreviations T-NY or NOW-NY,where N is<br/>an integer and Y stands for years. The date of another finding in<br/>the form FIEVAL(M,"DATE") or FIEVAL(M,N,"DATE") where M is the<br/>number of the finding and N is an occurrence may also be used. For<br/>example, FIEVAL(M,"DATE")+3M would set the Ending Date/Time to the<br/>date of finding M plus three months. Note that when this form is<br/>used and finding M is false no Ending Date/Time can be determined so<br/>this finding will be set to false.<br/><br/>If this field is null, then the ending date/time will be the end of<br/>day on the reminder evaluation date.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Mh Scale**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mh_scale</code></pre>{:/} | 13 | This applies only to Mental Health Instrument findings. It sets the<br/>default scale, i.e., the value for V in the Condition.<br/> | NUMERIC |  | 
**Condition**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  condition</code></pre>{:/} | 14 | The CONDITION must be written in M code based on the value returned from<br/>the patient results for the finding. Each type of finding has a specific<br/>field that provides the value available to use in the CONDITION logic.<br/>If the finding value is text, enclose the condition value in quotes <br/>(e.g., "positive"). If the finding value is numeric, do not use quotes<br/>(e.g., 3).<br/> <br/>An IF statement is used to evaluate the value.  The value is always<br/>identified as V in the statement regardless of the type of finding. If <br/>the condition logic statement evaluates to true, the finding is <br/>considered as found (true); otherwise the finding is considered as not<br/>found (false).<br/> <br/>Relational operators that may be used include: = equals, < less than, ><br/>greater than, [ contains, ] follows and ? pattern matches. Logical<br/>operators may be used to check multiple values: & And, ! Or, ' Not. <br/>         <br/>Typical examples of M code are as follows:<br/>    I V=3 for Education Topic's Level of Understanding = 3<br/>    I V="H" for Health Factor's Level/Severity="H"<br/>    I ($P(V,"/",1)>140)&($P(V,"/",2)>90) for elevated blood pressure<br/>    systolic and diastolic values<br/>    I ($P(V,"/",1)>140)!($P(V,"/",2)>90) for elevated blood pressure<br/>    systolic or diastolic values<br/>    I V["BLACK" for VA-RACE computed finding where race contains BLACK<br/> <br/>Below is a brief summary for each finding type, the related field to use<br/>for the value, and examples:<br/> <br/>Finding type                Field Value Used        Example M Code<br/> <br/> Drug                       None<br/> Education Topic            Level of understanding  I V=3<br/> Exam                       Result                  I V="N"<br/> Health Factor              Level/severity          I V="H"<br/> Immunization               Series                  I V="P"<br/> Laboratory Test            Result Value            I V>130<br/> Mental Health Instrument   Raw score               I V=1<br/> Orderable Item             Status                  I V="complete"<br/> Radiology Procedure        None<br/> Reminder Computed Finding  Determined by programmer-See Manager Manual<br/> Reminder Taxonomy          None<br/> Skin Test                  Result                  I V="N"<br/> VA Drug Class              None<br/> VA Generic                 None<br/> Vital Measurement          Rate                    I V>27<br/> <br/>For details about allowed CONDITIONS for each finding type, see the<br/>Clinical Reminders Manager Manual. | STRING |  | 
**Condition Case Sensitive**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  condition_case_sensitive</code></pre>{:/} | 15 | When CONDITION CASE SENSITIVE is NO, then the CONDITION will be<br/>evaluated without regard to case. The default is YES, so that<br/>CONDITION evaluation is case sensitive. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Rxtype**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  rxtype</code></pre>{:/} | 16 | RXTYPE applies only to drug findings; it controls the search for<br/>patient medications. The possible values for RXTYPE are "I" for<br/>inpatient, "N" for non-VA meds, and "O" for outpatient. RXTYPE can<br/>be any combination of these such as "NO" which will search for<br/>non-VA meds and outpatient medications. If RXTYPE is blank it is<br/>equivalent to a value of "INO". | STRING |  | 
**Occurrence Count**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  occurrence_count</code></pre>{:/} | 17 | This is the maximum number of occurrences of the finding in the date<br/>range to return. If the OCCURRENCE COUNT is input as a positive number,<br/>N, up to N of the most recent occurrences will be returned and the<br/>finding will take the value of the most recent occurrence. If the<br/>OCCURRENCE COUNT is input as a negative number then this behavior is<br/>reversed. Up to N of the oldest occurrences will be returned and the<br/>finding will take the value of the oldest occurrence in the list. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Use Status/cond In Search**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_status_cond_in_search</code></pre>{:/} | 18 | Give this field a value of "YES" if you want the STATUS LIST and/or<br/>CONDITION applied to each result found in the date range for this<br/>finding. Only results that have a status on the list or for which<br/>the CONDITION is true will be retained. The maximum number to retain<br/>is specified by the OCCURRENCE COUNT.<br/><br/>Note - if the finding has both a STATUS LIST and a CONDITION the<br/>status check will be made first; the CONDITION will be applied only<br/>if the finding passes the status check.<br/><br/> | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Status List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  status_list</code></pre>{:/} | 21 | This field applies to finding types that have an associated status.<br/>When the search for patient findings is done only those findings that<br/>have a status on the list can be true. The allowable values depend on<br/>the finding type. If no statuses are specified then the default list<br/>for each finding type will be used. The default lists can be found in<br/>the Clinical Reminders Manager Manual. | STRING |  | 
**Internal Condition**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  internal_condition</code></pre>{:/} | 22 | This is the internal form of the condition. It is set automatically and<br/>should never be set by hand. | STRING |  | 
**V Subscript List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  v_subscript_list</code></pre>{:/} | 23 | This is a list of V value subscripts used in the CONDITION. It is used<br/>when the CONDITION is not case sensitive. This should never be set by<br/>hand. | STRING |  | 
**No. Of Found Text Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  no_of_found_text_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 24 | This is the number of lines in the found text. If the number ends<br/>with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This field is set<br/>automatically during reminder edit and should never be edited by<br/>hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**No. Not Found Text Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  no_not_found_text_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 25 | This is the number of lines in the not found text. If the number<br/>ends with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This field is set<br/>automatically during reminder edit and should never be edited by<br/>hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Computed Finding Parameter**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  computed_finding_parameter</code></pre>{:/} | 26 | This field is used to pass a parameter into the computed finding. | STRING |  | 
**Use Start Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_start_date</code></pre>{:/} | 27 | For findings that have a Start Date and a Stop Date the default is<br/>to use the Stop Date as the date of the finding. Enter a YES for<br/>this field if you want to use the Start Date as the date of the<br/>finding. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Include Visit Data**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  include_visit_data</code></pre>{:/} | 28 | This applies only to V file findings; if it is "YES" then data from<br/>the associated visit will be available for use in a Condition. The<br/>default is "NO."<br/><br/> | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Function_Findings-811_925"></a>Function Findings (811.925)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Function_Findings-811_925</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Function Finding Number**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  function_finding_number</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the number of the function finding you want to create or<br/>edit. | NUMERIC | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This is the text that will be displayed in the Clinical Maintenance<br/>output if  this function finding is found (true). | STRING |  | 
**Not Found Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  not_found_text</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This is the text that will be displayed in the Clinical Maintenance output if <br/>the function finding is not found (false).   | STRING |  | 
**Function String**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  function_string</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | FUNCTION STRING is input by the user and it defines a function finding.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Function List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  function_list</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | FUNCTION LIST is a data structure that is used to efficiently<br/>evaluate function findings. It is generated automatically and should<br/>never be edited by user. | OBJECT |  | [Function_List-811_9255](#Function_List-811_9255)
**Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  logic</code></pre>{:/} | 10 | This is the internal representation of the function string. For<br/>example, if the function string is MIN_DATE(1,2)>MAX_DATE(3) then <br/>the LOGIC field would be FN(1)>FN(2).<br/> | STRING |  | 
**Use In Resolution Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_in_resolution_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 11 | This optional field is used to indicate that this finding item<br/>should be included as part of the resolution logic for this<br/>reminder. Note - if the CUSTOMIZED RESOLUTION LOGIC is defined, then<br/>this field is ignored.<br/> <br/>Valid entries for the USE IN RESOLUTION LOGIC field are:<br/> <br/>                       EQUATES TO BOOLEAN<br/>  OPERATOR   VALUE     OPERATOR LOGIC<br/>  --------   -----     ------------------<br/>             BLANK     not included in Resolution Logic<br/>                       (Use @ to delete value)<br/>   &         AND       &(Finding)<br/>   !         OR        !(Finding)<br/>   &'        AND NOT   &'(Finding)<br/>   !'        OR NOT    !'(Finding)<br/> <br/>All finding items that have a value in this field are automatically<br/>combined to create the DEFAULT RESOLUTION LOGIC.<br/> <br/>After all findings have been evaluated, the finding item is replaced<br/>by its true or false value in the resolution logic and the<br/>resolution logic is evaluated. If the resolution logic evaluates to<br/>true, then the last resolution date is determined. The applicable<br/>frequency is added to the resolution date to determine when the<br/>reminder is next due. If the resolution logic evaluates to false,<br/>then reminder is due. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}AND: <em><strong>&</strong></em><br/>AND NOT: <em><strong>&'</strong></em><br/>OR: <em><strong>!</strong></em><br/>OR NOT: <em><strong>!'</strong></em>{:/}
**Use In Patient Cohort Logic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  use_in_patient_cohort_logic</code></pre>{:/} | 12 | This optional field is used to indicate that this finding item<br/>should be included as part of the Patient Cohort Logic for this<br/>reminder. Note - if the CUSTOMIZED COHORT LOGIC is defined, then this<br/>field is ignored.<br/> <br/>Valid entries for the USE IN PATIENT COHORT LOGIC field are:<br/> <br/>                     EQUATES TO BOOLEAN<br/>  OPERATOR  VALUE     OPERATOR LOGIC<br/>  --------  -----     ------------------<br/>            BLANK     not included in Patient Cohort Logic<br/>                      (Use @ to delete value)<br/>   &        AND       &(Finding)<br/>   !        OR        !(Finding)<br/>   &'       AND NOT   &'(Finding)<br/>   !'       OR NOT    !'(Finding)<br/> <br/>All finding items that have a value in this field are automatically<br/>combined to create the DEFAULT COHORT LOGIC. The default logic<br/>string initially includes (SEX)&(AGE), regardless of whether the<br/>baseline specifies SEX and AGE criteria. Each finding item with a<br/>value in the Use In Patient Cohort Logic field is appended to the<br/>string by using the operator and finding item. For example, if<br/>finding item 2 had an operator for this field of "&" then the string<br/>would be (SEX)&(AGE)&FI(2).<br/><br/>After all findings have been evaluated, the finding item is replaced<br/>by its true or false value in the cohort logic and the cohort logic<br/>is evaluated. If the cohort logic evaluates to true, then the reminder<br/>is applicable to the patient. If the cohort logic evaluates to false<br/>then reminder is non-applicable or N/A. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}AND: <em><strong>&</strong></em><br/>AND NOT: <em><strong>&'</strong></em><br/>OR: <em><strong>!</strong></em><br/>OR NOT: <em><strong>!'</strong></em>{:/}
**Minimum Age**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  minimum_age</code></pre>{:/} | 13 | This field specifies the minimum age for defining an age range<br/>associated with a frequency. Leave it blank if there is no minimum age. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Maximum Age**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  maximum_age</code></pre>{:/} | 14 | This field specifies the maximum age for defining an age range<br/>associated with a frequency. Leave it blank if there is no maximum age. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Reminder Frequency**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reminder_frequency</code></pre>{:/} | 15 | If this finding is true (found) then use this frequency and the age<br/>range specified by the MINIMUM AGE and MAXIMUM AGE to override the <br/>baseline frequency age range set.  <br/>                                 <br/>It is input as nU where n is an integer between 0 and 9999 inclusive<br/>and U is a unit. Allowed units are H (hours) D (days), W (weeks), M<br/>(months), and Y (years). If a reminder is only to be given once in a<br/>lifetime use a frequency of 99Y. The special frequency of 0Y will<br/>make a reminder never due.<br/><br/> | STRING |  | 
**Rank Frequency**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  rank_frequency</code></pre>{:/} | 16 | This field is used to rank the frequency and age range sets associated<br/>with a finding. If there is more than one true finding that can<br/>override the baseline frequency age range set, then the determination of<br/>which one to use is made based on the finding with the highest rank.<br/>Ranks can range from 1 to 999 with 1 being the highest rank.<br/> <br/>When the Rank field is blank (null) for all true findings that can<br/>override the baseline frequency age range set, then the frequency that<br/>will cause the reminder to be given most often will be used. For<br/>example, if finding 1 has a frequency of 6 months, and finding 2 has a<br/>frequency of 1 year, finding 1 will be used to override the baseline. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | 40 | If the NAME field is present it will be displayed with the function<br/>finding result in the Clinical Maintenance output. The format is<br/> Function Finding: NAME<br/>If NAME is null then the format will be:<br/> Function Finding: function<br/>where function is the name of the function used in the function<br/>finding. | STRING |  | 
**No. Found Text Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  no_found_text_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 41 | This is the number of lines in the found text. If the number ends<br/>with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This field is set<br/>automatically during reminder edit and should never be edited by hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 
**No. Not Found Text Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  no_not_found_text_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 42 | This is the number of lines in the not found text. If the number ends<br/>with "T" then the text contains TIU objects. This field is set<br/>automatically during reminder edit and should never be edited by hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Function_List-811_9255"></a>Function List (811.9255)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Function_List-811_9255</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Function Number**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  function_number</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | FUNCTION NUMBER is an internal counter of the functions used in the<br/>function string. For example, if the function string is<br/>MIN_DATE(1,2)>MAX_DATE(3) then function number 1 is MIN_DATE and<br/>function number 2 is MAX_DATE. The function numbers correspond with<br/>the internal number used in field #10 LOGIC. For the above function<br/>string the LOGIC field would be FN(1)>FN(2). | NUMERIC | REQUIRED | 
**Function**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  function</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | FUNCTION is a pointer to the Function File, #802.4. For example, if<br/>the function string is MIN_DATE(1,2)>MAX_DATE(3) then function<br/>number 1 is MIN_DATE and FUNCTION is the pointer to the MIN_DATE<br/>funtion in file #802.4 | POINTER |  | [Reminder_Function_Finding_Functions-802_4](Reminder_Function_Finding_Functions-802_4)
**Function Argument List**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  function_argument_list</code></pre>{:/} | 20 | The FUNCTION ARGUMENT LIST multiple is the list of arguments<br/>(finding numbers) for each function in the function string. For<br/>example, if the function string is MIN_DATE(1,2)>MAX_DATE(3) then<br/>the argument list for function number 1 is 1 and 2 and the argument<br/>list for function 2 is 3.<br/> | NUMERIC |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Custom_Date_Due_Arg_List-811_948"></a>Custom Date Due Arg List (811.948)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Custom_Date_Due_Arg_List-811_948</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Finding**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  finding</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the number of a finding used in the custom date due string.<br/>It is created automatically and should not be set by hand. | NUMERIC | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Frequency**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  frequency</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This is the frequency that is associated with the finding defined in<br/>the .01 field of the CUSTOM DATE DUE ARGUMENT LIST. It is created<br/>automatically and should never be set by hand. | STRING |  | 
**Operator**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  operator</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | This is the operator '+" or '-' that is associated with the finding<br/>defined in the .01 field of the CUSTOM DATE DUE ARGUMENT LIST. It is<br/>created automatically and should never be set by hand.<br/> | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Web_Sites-811_9002"></a>Web Sites (811.9002)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Web_Sites-811_9002</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Url**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  url</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the URL for the web site. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Web Site Title**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  web_site_title</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This is the web site title that is used by the CPRS GUI. It will<br/>appear after a right click, allowing the user to select the web<br/>site. | STRING |  | 
**Web Site Description**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  web_site_description</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This field contains a description of the Web site. | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Edit_History-811_9001"></a>Edit History (811.9001)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Edit_History-811_9001</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Edit Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edit_date</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the date and time when the editing was done. This field is set<br/>automatically and should not be changed by the user. | DATE-TIME | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Edit By**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edit_by</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This is the person who did the editing. This field is set automatically<br/>and should not be changed by the user. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Edit Comments**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edit_comments</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | This word-processing field can be used to record the changes made<br/>during the editing session. | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>




{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}