---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Skin_Test-9999999_28<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Skin Test (9999999.28)
Per VHA Directive, this file has been "locked down" by Data  Standardization (DS). The file definition (i.e. data dictionary) shall   not be modified. All additions, changes and deletions to entries in the file shall be done by Enterprise Reference Terminology (ERT) using the Master File Server (MFS), provided by the Common Services (CS). Creating and/or editing locally defined fields in the file are not permitted. Use of locally defined fields that were created prior to the VHA Directive shall not be supported.   This file contains Skin Tests.  It consists of a full descriptive name, a Ten Character Abbreviated Name for the Health Summary and other reports where spaces are limited, plus a Two Digit Code (IHS only).   This file was developed by IHS, and adopted by the VA for the source  file representing Skin Tests.

**Global:** ^AUTTSK(

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the name of the skin test (e.g Cocci,PPD).  The NAME must be at<br/>least 3 characters and no more than 30 characters. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  code</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This field is a two digit code representing this skin test. | STRING | INDEXED | 
**Inactive Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  inactive_flag</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | This field is used to inactivate a skin test type.  If this field contains<br/>a "1" then the skin test is inactive.  Inactive skin tests cannot be <br/>selected in the manual data entry process.  Skin test entries should be<br/>made inactive when they are no longer used.  Do not delete the entry or<br/>change the meaning of the skin test entry.<br/>  <br/>To make an inactive skin test active,<br/>enter the "@" symbol to delete the "1" from the field. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}INACTIVE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Cpt Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  cpt_code</code></pre>{:/} | .11 | This is a CPT code associated with this skin test. | POINTER |  | [Cpt-81](Cpt-81)
**Coding System**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  coding_system</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | This multiple stores the coding system(s) associated with the codes<br/>identifying this skin test. | OBJECT |  | [Coding_System-9999999_283](#Coding_System-9999999_283)
**Replaced By Vha Standard Term**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  replaced_by_vha_standard_term</code></pre>{:/} | 99.97 | This field is populated when one Term/Concept replaces another <br/>Term/Concept.  This field is controlled by standardization and should <br/>only be changed by standardization processes.  This field contains a <br/>pointer to a VHA standard term that replaces this entry. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Skin_Test-9999999_28](Skin_Test-9999999_28)
**Master Entry For VUID**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  master_entry_for_vuid</code></pre>{:/} | 99.98 | This field identifies the Master entry for a VUID associated with a <br/>Term/Concept. | BOOLEAN | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**VUID**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  vuid</code></pre>{:/} | 99.99 | VHA Unique ID (VUID). A unique meaningless integer assigned to reference <br/>terms VHA wide. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Effective Date/time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  effective_date_time</code></pre>{:/} | 99.991 | Describes the pair Status and Effective Date/Time for each reference term. | OBJECT |  | [Effective_Date_time-9999999_2899](#Effective_Date_time-9999999_2899)
**Class**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  class</code></pre>{:/} | 100 | This is the CLASS of this Skin Test. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}LOCAL: <em><strong>L</strong></em><br/>NATIONAL: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>VISN: <em><strong>V</strong></em>{:/}
**Print Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  print_name</code></pre>{:/} | 1201 | This is the name of this skin test that can be used in various reports and<br/>displays where space is not available to use the full name of the skin test.<br/>This print/display name is limited to 15 characters. | STRING |  | 
**Mnemonic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mnemonic</code></pre>{:/} | 8801 | (Optional)<br/>This is a 1-2 character mnemonic for the skin test.<br/> <br/>Enter a 1-2 character mnemonic. | STRING |  | 

## Sub-Files
### <a name="Coding_System-9999999_283"></a>Coding System (9999999.283)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Coding_System-9999999_283</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Coding System**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  coding_system</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This field indicates the coding system associated with the codes<br/>identifying this skin test. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  code</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This multiple stores the code(s) representing this skin test within<br/>this coding system. | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Effective_Date_time-9999999_2899"></a>Effective Date/time (9999999.2899)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Effective_Date_time-9999999_2899</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Effective Date/time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  effective_date_time</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the date/time when the Status of the reference term was <br/>established. | DATE-TIME | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Status**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  status</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | The Status of a reference term is either 'ACTIVE' or 'INACTIVE'. If <br/>'ACTIVE', then the term will be accessible by end-users to document a <br/>particular patient event. If 'INACTIVE', then the term will only be <br/>accessible by the application to display legacy data. | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}ACTIVE: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>INACTIVE: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>




{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}