---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

## [VDM](TableOfContents) &#8594; TIU_Parameters-8925_99
# TIU Parameters (8925.99)
This file contains the site-configurable parameters for the Text Integration Utilities package.  It will have one entry for each division, to support variable definition of package behavior at multi-divisional facilities.

<dl>
<dt>Global</dt><dd>^TIU(8925.99,</dd>
<dt>Domain</dt><dd>Non-Clinical</dd>
</dl>

### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Institution**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  institution</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | Please enter the DIVISION these parameters apply to. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Institution-4](Institution-4)
**Enable Electronic Signature**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  enable_electronic_signature</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | Electronic signature is enabled when this parameter is set to 1. Until<br/>such time as electronic signature is enabled, signatures are to be written<br/>on the chart copy of the TIU document, and provision must be made for TIU<br/>documents to be marked Signed on Chart. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Characters Per Line**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  characters_per_line</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | This value (default 60) is divided into the total number of 'actual'<br/>characters in a given transcribed document to derive the line count for<br/>that document.  By 'actual' characters, we mean all printable ASCII<br/>characters, with multiple white space characters stripped. This prevents<br/>transcriptionists from "stuffing" line counts by adding white space. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Grace Period For Purge**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  grace_period_for_purge</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | OUT OF SERVICE.  Purging is disabled.<br/> <br/>This is the number of days following transcription for which a document<br/>will be kept, prior to purge. Allowable range is from 90 to 7300 days (20<br/>years).<br/> <br/>NOTE: Progress Notes and their addenda are not subject to purge,<br/>regardless of this parameter. IF YOU WANT TO DISABLE PURGING ALTOGETHER,<br/>LEAVE THIS PARAMETER EMPTY (or delete any existing value). | NUMERIC |  | 
**Grace Period For Signature**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  grace_period_for_signature</code></pre>{:/} | .05 | This is the number of days following transcription before an author or<br/>Attending Physician is notified of a deficiency.  If no grace period is<br/>entered, clinicians are not notified of overdue signatures. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Optimize List Building For**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  optimize_list_building_for</code></pre>{:/} | .06 | This parameter determines whether or not TIU list building functions<br/>invoke business rules, excluding from the list any documents the user is<br/>not authorized to see.  Checking business rules in this way optimizes<br/>list building for security.  It may be costly in terms of performance.<br/> <br/>When optimized for performance (the default behavior of TIU), business<br/>rules excluding notes from view are bypassed when building lists of<br/>documents.<br/> <br/>NOTE: This applies only to lists: when an unauthorized user attempts to<br/>view the contents of a document from the resulting list, he is prevented<br/>from doing so, with the following explanation:<br/> <br/>Reviewing Item #1<br/> <br/> You may not VIEW this UNSIGNED NURSE'S NOTE.<br/> <br/>RETURN to continue... | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}performance: <em><strong>P</strong></em><br/>security: <em><strong>S</strong></em>{:/}
**Suppress Review Notes Prompt**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  suppress_review_notes_prompt</code></pre>{:/} | .07 | Applies to Progress Notes only.  When this parameter is set to YES, TIU<br/>suppresses the prompt which asks if the user wishes to see available<br/>progress notes before entering a new note.  This parameter is overridden<br/>by the Personal Preference of same name.  If neither parameter is entered,<br/>the Review Notes prompt is NOT suppressed. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Default Primary Provider**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  default_primary_provider</code></pre>{:/} | .08 | This parameter determines the behavior of the Primary Provider prompt for<br/>a standalone encounter.<br/> <br/>If the parameter has no value, the prompt has no default. If the parameter<br/>has value 0, the user is not prompted for primary provider. If the<br/>parameter has value 1, the default for the Primary Provider prompt is the<br/>site's default provider for the given location.  If the parameter has<br/>value 2, the default is the author if the author is a provider; if the<br/>author is not a provider, the prompt has no default. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}AUTHOR (IF PROVIDER): <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>DEFAULT, BY LOCATION: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>NONE, DON'T PROMPT: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Ascii Upload Source**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ascii_upload_source</code></pre>{:/} | .09 | Applies only when the ASCII upload protocol is used. This field specifies<br/>the source from which documents are uploaded. (H)ost indicates to the<br/>upload processor that the source of the data is an ASCII host file (VMS or<br/>DOS), while (R)emote indicates that the data is read from an ASCII stream<br/>coming to VISTA from a terminal emulator on a remote computer (for<br/>example, an IBM PC or compatible, or an Apple Macintosh). | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}host file server: <em><strong>H</strong></em><br/>remote computer: <em><strong>R</strong></em>{:/}
**Record Header Signal**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  record_header_signal</code></pre>{:/} | .1 | This is a free text tag or signal used by the upload process to determine<br/>that a new document record header has been encountered.  It may be as<br/>simple as the three-character string "MSH" or as complex as "HEADERBEGIN".<br/>The signal "@@@", used by the Surgery Package option to transmit operative<br/>notes, is another possibility.<br/> <br/>NOTE: Although you may define this parameter independently for each<br/>DIVISION, we recommend that you choose just one such signal per site. | STRING |  | 
**End Of Message Signal**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  end_of_message_signal</code></pre>{:/} | .11 | Applies only to transfers made using the ASCII protocol.  This is the free<br/>text signal to the upload process that the entire file/stream has been<br/>transmitted without difficulty, and no more lines of data need to be read. | STRING |  | 
**Begin Report Text Signal**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  begin_report_text_signal</code></pre>{:/} | .12 | This is the signal to the upload processor that the fixed-field header for<br/>a given report record has been fully read, and that the body of the<br/>narrative report follows. | STRING |  | 
**Major Delimiter**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  major_delimiter</code></pre>{:/} | .13 | This ASCII character separates the various pieces of fixed-field<br/>information in the message header. Please avoid using delimiters such as<br/>",", or ":", which may be contained within the data itself, using instead<br/>less common symbols such as "", "\" or "~". | STRING |  | 
**Future Appointment Range**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  future_appointment_range</code></pre>{:/} | .14 | This parameter determines how far in advance a future appointment may<br/>be selected when entering a document for outpatient care.<br/> <br/>Allowable values range from 1 to 180 days, defaulting to 1 day. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Pace Character**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  pace_character</code></pre>{:/} | .15 | Applies only to transfers which use the ASCII protocol.<br/> <br/>This is the ASCII value of the character which VISTA sends to the remote<br/>computer to acknowledge receipt of the previous text line and to prompt<br/>the remote to transmit another line. You may choose any character with an<br/>ASCII value between 1 and 126.<br/> <br/>If you are using the same remote to upload both MailMan messages and<br/>textual reports, then we recommend using the ">" symbol, ASCII 62.<br/>Otherwise, we suggest using the ACK character (ASCII 6).<br/> <br/>NOTE: you may need to specify the same character as part of the ASCII<br/>PROTOCOL parameters of the terminal emulation software on the remote. | STRING |  | 
**Upload Header Format**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  upload_header_format</code></pre>{:/} | .16 | This field determines whether the upload filer expects delimited string or<br/>captioned formats for the header of each document. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}captioned: <em><strong>C</strong></em><br/>delimited string: <em><strong>D</strong></em>{:/}
**Upload Protocol**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  upload_protocol</code></pre>{:/} | .17 | This is the upload protocol used to transmit documents,<br/>with a for ASCII, or k for KERMIT. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}ASCII: <em><strong>a</strong></em><br/>KERMIT: <em><strong>k</strong></em>{:/}
**Run Upload Filer In Foreground**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  run_upload_filer_in_foreground</code></pre>{:/} | .18 | This parameter specifies whether to run the filer for the upload process<br/>in the foreground or in the background (as a Task).<br/> <br/>If no preference is specified, the filer runs in the BACKGROUND. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Enable Chart Copy Prompt**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  enable_chart_copy_prompt</code></pre>{:/} | .22 | OUT OF SERVICE.  See TIU Document Parameter ALLOW CHART PRINT OUTSIDE MAS. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Amendment Signature Block**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  amendment_signature_block</code></pre>{:/} | 1.05 | OUT OF SERVICE.  The signer's normal signature block is used for<br/>amendments.<br/> <br/>This parameter allows the site to specify the format of the signature<br/>block for an amendment. <br/> <br/>While Business Rules determine who may amend documents, generally it is<br/>the user class CHIEF,MIS who may do so. If this user is not the site's<br/>Privacy Act officer, then it may be desirable to enter a statement<br/>indicating that the user is signing on behalf of the Privacy Act Officer.<br/> <br/>For example, if the user's name is John Smith, while the site's Privacy<br/>Act Officer is Jane Doe, RRT, then the AMENDMENT SIGNATURE BLOCK might be<br/>entered as: "for Jane Doe, RRT, PRIVACY ACT OFFICER".<br/> <br/>The amendment information on the document would then appear as:<br/> <br/>            AMENDED 10/26/92<br/>            /es/ JOHN SMITH<br/>            for Jane Doe, RRT, PRIVACY ACT OFFICER | STRING |  | 
**Blank Character String**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  blank_character_string</code></pre>{:/} | 1.06 | This string of characters is used by the transcriptionist to represent a<br/>"blank" when a word or phrase in the dictation cannot be understood for<br/>inclusion in the transcription. | STRING |  | 
**Enable Notifications Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  enable_notifications_date</code></pre>{:/} | 1.07 | This date indicates to TIU when to begin sending signature notifications<br/>(available/overdue for signature) to expected signers/cosigners.<br/>Notifications are sent beginning on this date, and only for documents<br/>entered on/after this date. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Upload Error Alert Recipient**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  upload_error_alert_recipient</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | These persons receive alerts from the upload/filer process when a document<br/>cannot be filed/located or has missing fields.<br/> <br/>This field is OVERRIDDEN by recipients set for the given document type in<br/>parameter FILING ERROR ALERT RECIPIENTS in the TIU DOCUMENT PARAMETERS<br/>file. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Start Of Add Sgnr Alert Period**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  start_of_add_sgnr_alert_period</code></pre>{:/} | 3.1 | This is the start date for evaluating documents that have overdue<br/>additional signatures. The value must be in a FileMan date range format<br/>such as 6D, 3W or 4M. If this field is left blank, all documents<br/>evaluated that have a date less than the END OF ADD SGNR ALERT PERIOD<br/>date will be included.<br/> <br/>Since the addition of the LENGTH OF SIGNER ALERT PERIOD parameter this<br/>field should be set to the same value as that field. If LENGTH OF<br/>SIGNER ALERT PERIOD is left blank then set this field to 12M, the<br/>default value of the LENGTH OF SIGNER ALERT PERIOD when no value is<br/>entered.  LENGTH OF SIGNER ALERT PERIOD determines how far back in time<br/>documents are evaluated. | STRING |  | 
**End Of Add Sgnr Alert Period**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  end_of_add_sgnr_alert_period</code></pre>{:/} | 3.2 | This is the length in time from the current date that the TIU NIGHTLY <br/>TASK will stop regenerating alerts for overdue additional signatures.<br/>The value must be in a FileMan date range format such as 6D, 3W or 4M. <br/> <br/>If no value is entered, the TIU NIGHTLY TASK will search for documents<br/>in the TIU DOCUMENT File (8925) up to the current date. | STRING |  | 
**Length Of Signer Alert Period**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  length_of_signer_alert_period</code></pre>{:/} | 3.3 | This is the length of time that the TIU NIGHTLY TASK will go back prior <br/>to "today" when searching for documents that have overdue signatures. <br/>The value must be in a FileMan date range format such as 6D, 3W or 4M. <br/> <br/>If no value is entered, the TIU NIGHTLY TASK will begin searching for <br/>documents starting at 1 year prior to "today" in the TIU DOCUMENTS file <br/>(8925). | STRING |  | 



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 3rd 2017, 12:09:00 pm</p>{:/}