---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; TIU_Document_Parameters-8925_95<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# TIU Document Parameters (8925.95)
This file stores parameters which modify the processing requirements of individual document types, and their decendents.

**Global:** ^TIU(8925.95,

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Document Definition**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  document_definition</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the Document Definition to which the parameters apply.<br/> <br/>NOTE: All parameters are inherited from ancestor Classes or Document<br/>Classes, unless overridden at a subordinate level in the document<br/>definition hierarchy. (For example, if you Require Release for class<br/>Progress Notes, then all progress note titles require release, unless the<br/>parameter is set to NO for a subordinate Document Class or Title.) | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | TIU_Document_Definition-8925_1
**Require Release**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  require_release</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This parameter determines whether the person entering the document is<br/>required (and prompted) to release the document from a draft state upon<br/>exit from the entry/editing process.<br/> <br/>Though designed for Discharge Summaries, release may be used for any<br/>kind of TIU document. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Require Mas Verification**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  require_mas_verification</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | This parameter determines whether verification by MAS is required, prior<br/>to public access and signature of the document.<br/> <br/>Though designed for Discharge Summaries, verification may be used for<br/>any kind of TIU document, and is particularly helpful for documents that<br/>are uploaded from a transcription service.<br/> <br/>Allowable values are:  0       NO<br/>                       1       YES, ALWAYS<br/>                       2       UPLOAD ONLY<br/>                       3       DIRECT ENTRY ONLY<br/> <br/>where 1 indicates that these documents require verification regardless<br/>of how they originate; 2 indicates that verification is required only <br/>when the documents are Uploaded; and 3 indicates that verification is <br/>required only when documents are entered directly into VISTA. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}YES, ALWAYS: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>DIRECT ENTRY ONLY: <em><strong>3</strong></em><br/>UPLOAD ONLY: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>NO: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Require Author To Sign**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  require_author_to_sign</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | This field indicates whether or not the author should sign the <br/>document before the expected cosigner (attending).<br/> <br/>If parameter is set to NO, only the expected cosigner is alerted <br/>for signature. Although the unsigned document appears in the <br/>author's unsigned list, and he is ALLOWED to sign it, his signature <br/>is not REQUIRED.<br/> <br/>If set to YES, then the author is alerted for signature, and if the<br/>expected cosigner should attempt to sign the document first, he is<br/>informed that the author has not yet signed. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**When May Chart Copy Be Printed**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  when_may_chart_copy_be_printed</code></pre>{:/} | .05 | OUT OF SERVICE.   Printing for a given status is governed by business<br/>rules.<br/> <br/>Indicate the status which a document must attain before it can be printed<br/>for the chart. | POINTER |  | TIU_Status-8925_6
**Routine Print Event(s)**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  routine_print_events</code></pre>{:/} | .06 | A document of the given type, and of ROUTINE urgency, is automatically<br/>printed whenever one of these events occurs.<br/> <br/>For example, a site may specify that ROUTINE documents print only upon<br/>Completion (i.e., signature or cosignature), while STAT documents print<br/>upon Release from Transcription, MAS Verification, or both, in addition<br/>to printing upon completion.<br/> <br/>If print events are not specified, and a CHART COPY DEVICE is defined <br/>for the Medical Center Division, then the document will be auto-printed<br/>only upon completion.<br/> <br/>If field MANUAL PRINT AFTER ENTRY is set to YES, then auto-print is<br/>ignored entirely.<br/> <br/>If urgency is not specified for some document, then its urgency is<br/>considered to be routine, and the document prints when a routine print<br/>event occurs. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}release: <em><strong>R</strong></em><br/>both: <em><strong>B</strong></em><br/>verification: <em><strong>V</strong></em>{:/}
**Stat Print Event(s)**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  stat_print_events</code></pre>{:/} | .07 | This field is identical to ROUTINE PRINT EVENT(S), except that it<br/>applies to documents of STAT urgency rather than ROUTINE urgency. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}release: <em><strong>R</strong></em><br/>both: <em><strong>B</strong></em><br/>verification: <em><strong>V</strong></em>{:/}
**Manual Print After Entry**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  manual_print_after_entry</code></pre>{:/} | .08 | This parameter is used for documents where a manually-printed hard copy<br/>is desired following document entry. If the parameter is set to YES, the<br/>user is prompted to print a copy on exit from their preferred editor,<br/>and auto-printing (as described in fields ROUTINE/STAT PRINT EVENT(S))<br/>is ignored. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Allow Chart Print Outside Mas**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  allow_chart_print_outside_mas</code></pre>{:/} | .09 | This field determines whether non-MAS users (for example, providers) are<br/>asked if they want WORK copies or CHART copies when they print a<br/>document.  If the field is NOT set to YES, they are not asked, and the<br/>printout is a WORK copy.<br/> <br/>Generally, this is set to YES for PROGRESS NOTES, which are likely to be<br/>printed on the Ward or in the Clinic for immediate inclusion in the<br/>chart.  For DISCHARGE SUMMARIES, which are typically printed centrally,<br/>it is usually set to NO, since duplicate CHART COPIES are a particular <br/>problem. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Allow &gt;1 Records Per Visit**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  allow_1_records_per_visit</code></pre>{:/} | .1 | This field determines whether a given document may be created more than<br/>once per visit.  For example, it is often appropriate to enter multiple<br/>PROGRESS NOTES for a single HOSPITALIZATION or CLINIC VISIT, whereas<br/>only one DISCHARGE SUMMARY is usually entered per HOSPITALIZATION. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Enable Irt Interface**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  enable_irt_interface</code></pre>{:/} | .11 | This enables TIU's interface with Incomplete Record Tracking (IRT),<br/>which updates IRT's deficiencies when transcription, signature,<br/>or cosignature events are registered for a given document.<br/> <br/>NOTE: IRT is designed for DISCHARGE SUMMARIES, and is appropriate<br/>only for types of documents where only one document is expected per <br/>patient movement. We therefore ask you to leave this parameter<br/>undefined (or set it to NO) for PROGRESS NOTES. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Irt Deficiency**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  irt_deficiency</code></pre>{:/} | .12 | This field provides a mapping between the TIU DOCUMENT DEFINITION and <br/>the corresponding IRT DEFICIENCY TYPE.  For example, TIU Class DISCHARGE<br/>SUMMARY maps to IRT Deficiency Type DISCHARGE SUMMARY. | POINTER |  | Irt_Type_Of_Deficiency-393_3
**Default Printer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  default_printer</code></pre>{:/} | .13 | NOT IN SERVICE.<br/> <br/>When a user prints a document of the given type and is prompted for<br/>DEVICE, this serves as the default. | POINTER |  | [Device-3_5](Device-3_5)
**Suppress Dx/cpt On Entry**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  suppress_dx_cpt_on_entry</code></pre>{:/} | .14 | This parameter applies only to documents for outpatient care. Together<br/>with parameter ASK DX/CPT ON ALL OPT VISITS, it determines whether or<br/>not a user is prompted for diagnoses and procedures after signing or <br/>editing a document.<br/> <br/>If this parameter is set to YES (for suppress), the user is not <br/>prompted for this information. <br/> <br/>If this parameter is set to NO or is blank, the user may or may not<br/>be prompted, depending on the type of visit and on parameter <br/>ASK DX/CPT ON ALL OPT VISITS.<br/> <br/>If a site elects to suppress diagnoses and procedures, the site must<br/>capture this information by some other means (such as an AICS encounter<br/>form), in order to receive workload credit for these visits. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Force Response To Exposures**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  force_response_to_exposures</code></pre>{:/} | .15 | When set to YES, this parameter forces the user to respond when asked to<br/>specify a veteran's Service Connection Classification (AO, IR, or EC),<br/>when creating a standalone visit. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ask Dx/cpt On All Opt Visits**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ask_dx_cpt_on_all_opt_visits</code></pre>{:/} | .16 | This parameter applies only to documents for outpatient care, and is<br/>IGNORED if SUPPRESS DX/CPT ON ENTRY is set to YES.<br/> <br/>If DX/CPT prompts are NOT suppressed, and ASK DX/CPT ON ALL OPT VISITS<br/>is set to YES, the user is prompted for DX/CPT information for <br/>scheduled as well as unscheduled (stand-alone) visits.<br/> <br/>If DX/CPT prompts are NOT suppressed, and ASK DX/CPT ON ALL OPT VISITS<br/>is set to NO, the user is prompted for DX/CPT information for <br/>unscheduled visits ONLY. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Send Alerts On Addenda**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  send_alerts_on_addenda</code></pre>{:/} | .17 | This parameter determines whether AUTHORS and COSIGNERS of a document<br/>of this kind (and any of its descendent types) will receive an <br/>informational alert when addenda are added by other persons.<br/><br/>The addendum must be in a COMPLETED or AMENDED status for an alert to<br/>be generated.<br/><br/>Like all document parameters, it may be overridden at descendent <br/>levels of the Document Definition Hierarchy. DEFAULT is NO. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Order Id Entries By Title**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  order_id_entries_by_title</code></pre>{:/} | .18 | This prompt applies only to notes with interdisciplinary entries under<br/>them.<br/> <br/>When an ID note is displayed or printed, the child entries are normally<br/>ordered by reference date under the parent entry. In some cases it may <br/>be preferable to order them alphabetically by title. If this parameter <br/>is set to YES, child entries are displayed by title rather than by date.<br/> <br/>The default order is by date. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Send Alerts On New Id Entry**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  send_alerts_on_new_id_entry</code></pre>{:/} | .19 | This parameter applies only to interdisciplinary parent notes.<br/> <br/>If this parameter is set to YES, the signer (cosigner) of an<br/>interdisciplinary parent note is alerted when a new entry is added <br/>to the note.<br/> <br/>The default is NO. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Send Cosignature Alert**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  send_cosignature_alert</code></pre>{:/} | .2 | This parameter controls the sequence in which alerts are sent to the<br/>expected cosigner of a document. Allowable choices are: | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}Immediately: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>After Author has SIGNED: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Processing Steps**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  processing_steps</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | OUT OF SERVICE | OBJECT |  | [Processing_Steps-8925_951](#Processing_Steps-8925_951)
**Division**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  division</code></pre>{:/} | 2 | Parameters CHART COPY PRINTER and STAT CHART COPY PRINTER may be<br/>independently defined according to Medical Center Division.<br/> <br/>Please indicate the Medical Center Division for which these<br/>parameters are being defined. | OBJECT |  | [Division-8925_952](#Division-8925_952)
**Editor Set-up Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  editor_setup_code</code></pre>{:/} | 3 | This is M code which is executed prior to invoking the user's preferred<br/>editor.  It ordinarily sets local variables, which are then used in the<br/>editor's header, etc.<br/> <br/>For example, code written at Boston VAMC sets a local array containing<br/>patient demographics.  An M-based editor used at the site can then <br/>display demographic information in a fixed header when a user edits a <br/>document. | STRING |  | 
**Filing Error Alert Recipients**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  filing_error_alert_recipients</code></pre>{:/} | 4 | These persons receive alerts from the upload filer process when a <br/>document of the given type cannot be filed/located, or has a missing <br/>field.<br/> <br/>If a document being uploaded has a missing/bad title, then alert<br/>recipients defined at the title level cannot be found.  In this case,<br/>recipients named at the class level are alerted. For example, if a<br/>Progress Note is being uploaded and has a missing/bad title, then <br/>Progress Note-level recipients are alerted.<br/> <br/>If recipients are not specified, then alert recipients named in <br/>parameter UPLOAD ERROR ALERT RECIPIENTS in the TIU PARAMETER file are <br/>alerted as defaults. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Users Requiring Cosignature**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  users_requiring_cosignature</code></pre>{:/} | 5 | Please indicate which groups of users (i.e., User Classes) require<br/>cosignature for the type of document in question.  For example, <br/>STUDENTS, INTERNS, LPNs, and other user classes may be identified <br/>as requiring a cosignature for PROGRESS NOTES.<br/> <br/>NOTE: Users specified as requiring a cosignature for DISCHARGE SUMMARY <br/>documents cannot be selected as Attending Physicians for these<br/>documents. This ensures that users who require a cosignature<br/>cannot cosign these documents. | POINTER |  | [Usr_Class-8930](Usr_Class-8930)
**Heading**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  heading</code></pre>{:/} | 6 |  | STRING |  | 
**Footer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  footer</code></pre>{:/} | 7 |  | STRING |  | 
**Closing**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  closing</code></pre>{:/} | 8 |  | STRING |  | 
**Justify Heading**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  justify_heading</code></pre>{:/} | 9.01 |  | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}LEFT JUSTIFIED: <em><strong>LJ</strong></em><br/>CENTER JUSTIFIED: <em><strong>CJ</strong></em><br/>RIGHT JUSTIFIED: <em><strong>RJ</strong></em>{:/}
**Justify Footer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  justify_footer</code></pre>{:/} | 9.02 |  | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}CENTER JUSTIFY: <em><strong>CJ</strong></em><br/>LEFT JUSTIFY: <em><strong>LJ</strong></em><br/>RIGHT JUSTIFY: <em><strong>RJ</strong></em>{:/}
**Justify Closing**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  justify_closing</code></pre>{:/} | 9.03 |  | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}CENTER JUSTIFY: <em><strong>CJ</strong></em><br/>LEFT JUSTIFY: <em><strong>LJ</strong></em><br/>RIGHT JUSTIFY: <em><strong>RJ</strong></em>{:/}
**Page Numbers**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  page_numbers</code></pre>{:/} | 9.04 |  | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Justify Page Numbers**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  justify_page_numbers</code></pre>{:/} | 9.05 |  | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}LEFT JUSTIFIED: <em><strong>LJ</strong></em><br/>CENTER JUSTIFIED: <em><strong>CJ</strong></em><br/>RIGHT JUSTIFIED: <em><strong>RJ</strong></em>{:/}
**Insert Blank Lines**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  insert_blank_lines</code></pre>{:/} | 9.06 |  | NUMERIC |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>

## Sub-Files
### <a name="Processing_Steps-8925_951"></a>Processing Steps (8925.951)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Processing_Steps-8925_951</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Processing Steps**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  processing_steps</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is a step or action (e.g., verification) in the processing of a<br/>document that moves it from one state (e.g., unverified) to another (e.g.,<br/>unsigned). | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Usr_Action-8930_8](Usr_Action-8930_8)
**Sequence**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sequence</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This is the serial sequence in the processing of this document in which<br/>the current step should ordinarily occur. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Required**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  required</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | Indicate whether this step is required or optional for completion of this<br/>document (e.g., Progress Notes must be cosigned ONLY when the author is a<br/>Medical Student). | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}REQUIRED: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>OPTIONAL: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Resulting Status**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  resulting_status</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | This is the status of the document following completion of the step in<br/>question.  For instance, if a discharge summary should attain the status<br/>UNSIGNED, following the verification step, this would be indicated here. | POINTER |  | TIU_Status-8925_6
**Condition Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  condition_text</code></pre>{:/} | .05 | Describe the condition under which an optional step will be required<br/>(e.g., cosignature of a Progress Note is required only when the author of<br/>the note is a provider in training, e.g., a Medical Student). | STRING |  | 
**Condition Code**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  condition_code</code></pre>{:/} | 1 | This is a line of MUMPS code which imposes the condition by which an<br/>optional step must occur.  It must modify the boolean special variable,<br/>$TEST, to indicate whether the step must occur.  e.g., in the case where a<br/>medical student author's a progress note, the MUMPS code for the condition<br/>may look like:<br/> <br/>        I +$$ISA^USRLM(TIUAUTH,"MEDICAL STUDENT") | STRING |  | 

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>


### <a name="Division-8925_952"></a>Division (8925.952)

<dl>
<dt>ID</dt><dd>Division-8925_952</dd></dl>

#### Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Division**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  division</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | Parameters CHART COPY PRINTER and STAT CHART COPY PRINTER may be<br/>independently defined according to Medical Center Division.<br/> <br/>Please indicate the Medical Center Division for which these<br/>parameters are being defined. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Medical_Center_Division-40_8](Medical_Center_Division-40_8)
**Chart Copy Printer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  chart_copy_printer</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This parameter is primarily useful for DISCHARGE SUMMARIES, or other<br/>documents where automatic central printing of chart copies on site-<br/>configurable events are most useful (e.g., INTERIM SUMMARIES or<br/>OPERATIVE REPORTS at some point in the future).<br/> <br/>When defined along with a STAT CHART COPY PRINTER, this is the device to<br/>which chart copies of documents with ROUTINE urgencies will be sent<br/>automatically.  If no STAT CHART COPY PRINTER is defined, then ALL<br/>documents of the current type will be sent to this device, regardless of<br/>their urgencies.<br/> <br/>Note: If field MANUAL PRINT AFTER ENTRY is set to YES, then auto-print<br/>is ignored. | POINTER |  | [Device-3_5](Device-3_5)
**Stat Chart Copy Printer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  stat_chart_copy_printer</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | This parameter is primarily useful for DISCHARGE SUMMARIES, or other<br/>documents where automatic central printing of chart copies on site-<br/>configurable events are most useful (e.g., INTERIM SUMMARIES or<br/>OPERATIVE REPORTS at some point in the future).<br/> <br/>When defined along with a CHART COPY PRINTER, this is the device to<br/>which chart copies of documents with STAT urgencies will be sent<br/>automatically.<br/> <br/>Note: If field MANUAL PRINT AFTER ENTRY is set to YES, then auto-print<br/>is ignored. | POINTER |  | [Device-3_5](Device-3_5)

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>




{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on August 24th 2017, 2:57:39 pm</p>{:/}