---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Treatment-9999999_17<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Treatment (9999999.17)
This file is a table with site defined Treatment names.  These are names of treatments that are not covered in the ICD-CM Procedures or the CPT Procedures.  Examples may include treatments such as Ear Irrigation, or  Instructions or Counseling given to a patient for a Medical Problem.   When the treatment names are associated with a patients visit, they are for clinical use and do not contribute to billing and workload because of the lack of a coded CPT or ICD-CM.

**Global:** ^AUTTTRT(

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  name</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | The name of the treatment that is being administered.<br/> <br/>Enter the name of a treatment using 3 to 30 characters. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Inactive Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  inactive_flag</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | This field is used to inactivate a treatment type.  If this field<br/>contains a "1" then the treatment is inactive.  Inactive treatments cannot<br/>be selected in the manual data entry process.  Treatment entries should be<br/>made inactive when they are no longer used.  Do not delete the entry or<br/>change the meaning of the treatment entry.<br/> <br/>To make an inactive treatment type active, enter the "@" symbol to delete<br/>the "1" from the field. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}INACTIVE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Mnemonic**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mnemonic</code></pre>{:/} | 8801 | (Optional)<br/>This is a mnemonic for this treatment.<br/> <br/>Enter a mnemonic that's 1 - 6 characters in length. | STRING |  | 



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}