---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; V_Skin_Test-9000010_12<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# V Skin Test (9000010.12)
This file has been designed for joint use by the Indian Health Service and the Department of Veteran Affairs. There will be one record for each type of skin test given to a patient on a given visit.  Data must exist for a patient and a visit before data can be entered here.  The record is normally created when a skin test is given, and the results, if available, are entered at a later date and matched to the original record.  If results are entered and a skin test given does not exist, a new record is created.   In the VA, If a CPT code is entered into PCE that represents a skin test, then a skin test entry will automatically be entered into the V Skin Test file.  And vice versa, if a skin test is entered into PCE that represents a CPT code, then a CPT entry will automatically be entered into the V CPT file.  This supports getting workload credit from clinical activities. The PCE Code Mapping file defines the relationships between Skin Tests and CPT codes.

**Global:** ^AUPNVSK(

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Label/Field Name | Field # | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Skin Test**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  skin_test</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the type of Skin Test that was given to the patient at the<br/>encounter.   | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Skin_Test-9999999_28](Skin_Test-9999999_28)
**Patient Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  patient_name</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This is the patient who received the skin test. | POINTER | REQUIRED | [Patient_ihs-9000001](Patient_ihs-9000001)
**Visit**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  visit</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | This is the encounter defined in the Visit file that represents when and<br/>where the skin test was done. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Visit-9000010](Visit-9000010)
**Results**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  results</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | This is where a provider can designate the results of the skin test. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}NO TAKE: <em><strong>O</strong></em><br/>POSITIVE: <em><strong>P</strong></em><br/>NEGATIVE: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>DOUBTFUL: <em><strong>D</strong></em>{:/}
**Reading**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reading</code></pre>{:/} | .05 | Enter the value representing the reading of the skin test. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Date Read**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  date_read</code></pre>{:/} | .06 | This is the Date of the Reading.  | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Diagnosis**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis</code></pre>{:/} | .08 | This is the diagnosis, from the ICD Diagnosis file, associated<br/>with the skin test performed. | POINTER |  | [Icd_Diagnosis-80](Icd_Diagnosis-80)
**Diagnosis 2**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis_2</code></pre>{:/} | .09 | This is the diagnosis, from the ICD Diagnosis file, associated<br/>with the skin test performed. | POINTER |  | [Icd_Diagnosis-80](Icd_Diagnosis-80)
**Diagnosis 3**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis_3</code></pre>{:/} | .1 | This is the diagnosis, from the ICD Diagnosis file, associated<br/>with the skin test performed. | POINTER |  | [Icd_Diagnosis-80](Icd_Diagnosis-80)
**Diagnosis 4**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis_4</code></pre>{:/} | .11 | This is the diagnosis, from the ICD Diagnosis file, associated<br/>with the skin test performed. | POINTER |  | [Icd_Diagnosis-80](Icd_Diagnosis-80)
**Diagnosis 5**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis_5</code></pre>{:/} | .12 | This is the diagnosis, from the ICD Diagnosis file, associated<br/>with the skin test performed. | POINTER |  | [Icd_Diagnosis-80](Icd_Diagnosis-80)
**Diagnosis 6**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis_6</code></pre>{:/} | .13 | This is the diagnosis, from the ICD Diagnosis file, associated<br/>with the skin test performed. | POINTER |  | [Icd_Diagnosis-80](Icd_Diagnosis-80)
**Diagnosis 7**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis_7</code></pre>{:/} | .14 | This is the diagnosis, from the ICD Diagnosis file, associated<br/>with the skin test performed. | POINTER |  | [Icd_Diagnosis-80](Icd_Diagnosis-80)
**Diagnosis 8**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  diagnosis_8</code></pre>{:/} | .15 | This is the diagnosis, from the ICD Diagnosis file, associated<br/>with the skin test performed. | POINTER |  | [Icd_Diagnosis-80](Icd_Diagnosis-80)
**Event Date And Time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  event_date_and_time</code></pre>{:/} | 1201 | This is the date and time the skin test was performed.  This date and time may<br/>be different from the visit date and time.  For example, for clinic appointment<br/>visits, the visit date and time is the date and time of the appointment, not<br/>the time the provider performed the clinical event.<br/> <br/>The date may be an imprecise date.<br/> <br/>Date and time may be within 30 days before or after the visit date, with the<br/>restriction the date cannot be a future date. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Ordering Provider**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ordering_provider</code></pre>{:/} | 1202 | This field can be used to document the provider who ordered the skin test. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Encounter Provider**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  encounter_provider</code></pre>{:/} | 1204 | This is the provider who gave the skin test. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Edited Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  edited_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80101 | This field is automatically set to 1 if PCE detects that any original skin test<br/>data is being edited. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITED: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Audit Trail**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  audit_trail</code></pre>{:/} | 80102 | This field is populated automatically be the PCE filing logic.  The formt of<br/>the field is as follows:  Pointer to PCE data source file_"-"_A for Add or E<br/>for Edit_" "_DUZ of the person who entered the data_";"...<br/>  | STRING |  | 
**Comments**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  comments</code></pre>{:/} | 81101 | This is a comment related to the patient's skin test.  The provider may enter<br/>this manually via the PCE User Interface. | STRING |  | 
**Verified**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  verified</code></pre>{:/} | 81201 |  | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}VERIFIED BY PACKAGE: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>ELECTRONICALLY SIGNED: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Package**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  package</code></pre>{:/} | 81202 |  | POINTER |  | [Package-9_4](Package-9_4)
**Data Source**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  data_source</code></pre>{:/} | 81203 |  | POINTER |  | Pce_Data_Source-839_7

[&uarr; Return to top](#top)<br/>



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on August 24th 2017, 2:57:39 pm</p>{:/}