---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Visit-9000010<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Visit (9000010)
This file contains a record of all patient visits at health care facilities or by health care providers, including direct outpatient and clinic visits, as well as inpatient encounters with providers of care. All other  visit related files, such as purpose of visit (diagnoses), operative procedures, immunizations, examinations, etc. will point to a visit in this file.  The records are maintained by date/time of visit, and the patient name field is a pointer to the IHS Patient file, where the patient must exist before data can be added here. Cross References:    ("AA",<patient pointer>,<9's-visit date+time>,IEN)=<eligibility pointer>    ("AAH",<patient pointer>,<9's-visit date+time>,IEN)=""       set conditional SERVICE CATEGORY = Hospitalization    ("ABILL",<date visit created>, IEN)=""       set conditional to site parameter    ("AC",<patient pointer>,IEN)=""    ("AD", <parent visit pointer>,IEN)=""    ("ADEL",<visit date&time>,IEN)=""       set conditional DEPENDENT ENTRY COUNT '> 0    ("AI",IEN)=""       set conditional SERVICE CATEGORY = In hospital    ("AMRG",<date visit created>,IEN)=""    ("APCIS",<date visit created>,IEN)=""   

**Global:** ^AUPNVSIT(

**Domain:** Visits

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Visit/admit Date&amp;time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  visit_admit_datetime</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | Type date of visit.  Must be between DOB and today.  In the VA this reflects the visit appointment and or event date time. | DATE-TIME | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Date Visit Created**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  date_visit_created</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | Generated when new visit added to subfile.<br/>Date visit added to file.  Usually stuffed with DT.<br/> <br/>A date between 1960 and today. | DATE-TIME | REQUIRED | 
**Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  type-_03</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | IHS- The type of visit.  Differentiates between various categories of<br/>visit types.  E.g.  A visit provided by contract care funds versus<br/>a visit directing provided by IHS.  I-IHS, C-Contract, V-VA, O-Other, <br/>6-638 Program. | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}VA: <em><strong>V</strong></em><br/>IHS: <em><strong>I</strong></em><br/>TRIBAL: <em><strong>T</strong></em><br/>CONTRACT: <em><strong>C</strong></em><br/>OTHER: <em><strong>O</strong></em><br/>638 PROGRAM: <em><strong>6</strong></em>{:/}
**Patient Name**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  patient_name</code></pre>{:/} | .05 | Pointer to the Patient file. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Patient_ihs-9000001](Patient_ihs-9000001)
**Loc. Of Encounter**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  loc_of_encounter</code></pre>{:/} | .06 | Pointer to the location file.  Location where the visit took place.<br/>In the VA, the Location file entries will be based on the current entries<br/>in the institution file, so this field represents the institution. | POINTER |  | [Location-9999999_06](Location-9999999_06)
**Service Category**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  service_category</code></pre>{:/} | .07 | This service category field represents what kind of service was provided.<br/>The IHS definition is represented by a set of codes.  This field can be<br/>used by IHS to screen on service categories.<br/> <br/>The VA continues to populate this field to be backward compatible with<br/>IHS utilities depending on this field.<br/> <br/>  The VA uses the Service Provided file (#150.1) to define a more<br/>detailed file of services provided.  When a VA user identifies the Service<br/>Provided (field 15001), a trigger will automatically populate this service<br/>category based on relationships between entries in File 150.1 and the set<br/>of codes for this field.<br/>The population of this field is dependent upon entries provided by applicaions as well as default values and caculated codes. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}IN HOSPITAL: <em><strong>I</strong></em><br/>NURSING HOME: <em><strong>R</strong></em><br/>HOSPITALIZATION: <em><strong>H</strong></em><br/>ANCILLARY PACKAGE DAILY DATA: <em><strong>X</strong></em><br/>NOT FOUND: <em><strong>N</strong></em><br/>DAY SURGERY: <em><strong>S</strong></em><br/>AMBULATORY: <em><strong>A</strong></em><br/>DAILY HOSPITALIZATION DATA: <em><strong>D</strong></em><br/>CHART REVIEW: <em><strong>C</strong></em><br/>EVENT (HISTORICAL): <em><strong>E</strong></em><br/>TELECOMMUNICATIONS: <em><strong>T</strong></em><br/>OBSERVATION: <em><strong>O</strong></em>{:/}
**Dss Id**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  dss_id</code></pre>{:/} | .08 | Pointer to the Clinic Stop file.<br/>Organized clinic in which this visit took place.  E.g.  Pediatrics, General | POINTER |  | [Clinic_Stop-40_7](Clinic_Stop-40_7)
**Dependent Entry Count**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  dependent_entry_count</code></pre>{:/} | .09 | IHS- a count of how many "V" file entries are pointing to this visit.<br/>If the count is zero, the visit should be deleted.<br/>Field is updated by a cross reference in each "V" file that calls<br/>routine ADD^AUPNVSIT or SUB^AUPNVSIT. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Delete Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  delete_flag</code></pre>{:/} | .11 | Flag set to signify that the visit has been deleted. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}ACTIVE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>DELETED: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Parent Visit Link**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  parent_visit_link</code></pre>{:/} | .12 | The PARENT VISIT LINK field points back to the VISIT file. | POINTER | INDEXED | [Visit-9000010](Visit-9000010)
**Date Last Modified**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  date_last_modified</code></pre>{:/} | .13 | Date on which the visit was last modified.  Any time a field in the visit<br/>file or a V File is added or deleted, this field is automatically updated with the current<br/>date. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Check Out Date&amp;time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  check_out_datetime</code></pre>{:/} | .18 | This field is the date and time the patient checked out for this visit.<br/>This field will only store the information temporarily and will be empty. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Eligibility**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  eligibility</code></pre>{:/} | .21 | Defines the patient's eligibility for this visit. | POINTER |  | [Eligibility_Code-8](Eligibility_Code-8)
**Hospital Location**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  hospital_location</code></pre>{:/} | .22 | The hospital location where this visit occurred. | POINTER |  | [Hospital_Location-44](Hospital_Location-44)
**Created By User**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  created_by_user</code></pre>{:/} | .23 | This field contains either the DUZ passed in by the application calling <br/>the PCE API ($$DATA2PCE^PXAPI) to create or update the visit, or defaults<br/>to the DUZ at the time the entry was created or updated if no DUZ is<br/>passed in, or if something other than the API is used to create or update<br/>the entry. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Option Used To Create**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  option_used_to_create</code></pre>{:/} | .24 | If known, the option under which this visit was created. | POINTER |  | [Option-19](Option-19)
**Protocol**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  protocol</code></pre>{:/} | .25 | This is the protocol which was used to create this visit. | POINTER |  | [Protocol-101](Protocol-101)
**Pfss Account Reference**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  pfss_account_reference</code></pre>{:/} | .26 | The number by which all VistA applications will reference an<br/>external medical billing system account number for purposes<br/>of attaching charges for 1st or 3rd party billing. | POINTER |  | [Pfss_Account-375](Pfss_Account-375)
**Outside Location**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  outside_location</code></pre>{:/} | 2101 | Free text location of service. | STRING |  | 
**Visit Id**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  visit_id</code></pre>{:/} | 15001 |  | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Patient Status In/out**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  patient_status_in_out</code></pre>{:/} | 15002 | This is an indicator of the patient's status at the time of the visit. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}OUT: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>IN: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Encounter Type**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  encounter_type</code></pre>{:/} | 15003 | This field notes the primary type of visits, the stop code visit and the <br/>occasion of service visit that were manual entered. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}STOP CODE: <em><strong>S</strong></em><br/>ANCILLARY: <em><strong>A</strong></em><br/>CREDIT STOP: <em><strong>C</strong></em><br/>PRIMARY: <em><strong>P</strong></em><br/>OCCASION OF SERVICE: <em><strong>O</strong></em>{:/}
**Service Connected**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  service_connected</code></pre>{:/} | 80001 | This field will be used to indicate if this visit was for treating a <br/>VA patient based on a service connected problem. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Agent Orange Exposure**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  agent_orange_exposure</code></pre>{:/} | 80002 | This field is used to indicate that this visit represents treatment of<br/>a VA patient for a problem that is related to Agent Orange Exposure. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ionizing Radiation Exposure**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ionizing_radiation_exposure</code></pre>{:/} | 80003 | This field is used to indicate that this visit represents treatment of<br/>a VA patient for a problem that is related to Ionizing Radiation Exposure. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Sw Asia Conditions**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sw_asia_conditions</code></pre>{:/} | 80004 | This field is used to indicate that this visit represents treatment of a<br/>VA patient for a problem that is related to Southwest Asia Conditions <br/>Exposure. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Military Sexual Trauma**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  military_sexual_trauma</code></pre>{:/} | 80005 | Indicates whether the patient visit was related to their Military Sexual Trauma. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Head And/or Neck Cancer**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  head_and_or_neck_cancer</code></pre>{:/} | 80006 | This field is used to indicate that the visit represents treatment of a<br/>VA patient for a problem that is related to Head and/or Neck Cancer. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Combat Veteran**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  combat_veteran</code></pre>{:/} | 80007 | This field is used to indicate that the visit represents treatment of a<br/>VA patient for a problem that is possibly related to combat. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Proj 112/shad**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  proj_112_shad</code></pre>{:/} | 80008 | Project 112/SHAD was the name of the overall program for both shipboard<br/>and land-based biological and chemical testing that was conducted by the<br/>United States (U.S.) military between 1962 and 1973. Project SHAD<br/>(Shipboard Hazard and Defense) was the shipboard portion of these tests. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Service Connection Edit Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  service_connection_edit_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80011 | This field is used to determine if the Service Connection Classification<br/>for the Visit can be edited by the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITABLE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>NOT EDITABLE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Agent Orange Edit Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  agent_orange_edit_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80012 | This field is used to determine if the Agent Orange Classification<br/>for the Visit can be edited by the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITABLE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>NOT EDITABLE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Ionizing Radiation Edit Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ionizing_radiation_edit_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80013 | This field is used to determine if the Ionizing Radiation classification<br/>for the Visit can be edited by the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITABLE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>NOT EDITABLE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Sw Asia Conditions Edit Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sw_asia_conditions_edit_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80014 | This field is used to determine if the Southwest Asia Conditions<br/>classification for the Visit can be edited by the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITABLE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>NOT EDITABLE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Mst Edit Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mst_edit_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80015 | This field is used to determine if the Military Sexual Trauma classification<br/>for the Visit can be edited by the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITABLE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>NOT EDITABLE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Head And Neck Cancer Edit Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  head_and_neck_cancer_edit_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80016 | This field is used to determine if the Head and/or Neck Cancer<br/>classification can be edited by the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITABLE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>NOT EDITABLE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Combat Veteran Edit Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  combat_veteran_edit_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80017 | This field is used to determine if the Combat Veteran classification can be <br/>edited by the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITABLE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>NOT EDITABLE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Proj 112/shad Edit Flag**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  proj_112_shad_edit_flag</code></pre>{:/} | 80018 | This field is used to determine if the PROJ 112/SHAD classification can<br/>be edited by the user. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}EDITABLE: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>NOT EDITABLE: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Comments**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  comments</code></pre>{:/} | 81101 | A FIELD TO ADD COMMENTS AS THEY PERTAIN TO A VISIT | STRING |  | 
**Package**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  package</code></pre>{:/} | 81202 | This is a pointer to the package that wanted the visit created. | POINTER |  | [Package-9_4](Package-9_4)
**Data Source**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  data_source</code></pre>{:/} | 81203 | This is a pointer to the PCE DATA SOURCE file and is the source that<br/>wanted the visit created. | POINTER |  | [Pce_Data_Source-839_7](Pce_Data_Source-839_7)



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}