---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

#### [Developer Documentation](../index) &#187; [VDM](TableOfContents) &#187; Wv_Notification_Purpose-790_404<br/>
<a name="top"></a>
# Wv Notification Purpose (790.404)
This file contains reasons for the notification i.e., the notification is in response to (a) the results of a test or procedure or (b) the scheduling of future treatment needs.  The other fields in this file are used to (1) assign a priority (urgent, as soon as possible, routine), (2) associate a synonym or abbreviation, (3) flag an entry as active or inactive, (4) store the text of the letter, (5) calculate default print dates for letters to patients on breast and cervical treatment needs, and (6) indicate whether a letter should be printed today or in the future.   Letters may be created and edited by the case manager through the Add/Edit a Notification Purpose & Letter option.  All information in this file, can be printed through the Print Notification Purpose & Letter File option. Notification information can be entered into a patient's record through the Add a New Notification and Edit a Notification options.

**Global:** ^WV(790.404,

**Domain:** Non-Clinical

## Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Notification Purpose**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  notification_purpose</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This field stores the reason for the notification.  The reason should<br/>include information that distinguishes it (the letter/notification) from<br/>similar procedure/test results or future treatment needs. For example,<br/>pregnancy test positive vs. pregnancy test negative; PAP (Annual Due)<br/>vs.PAP (Follow-up Due). | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Priority**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  priority</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This field associates a priority with the notification.  The priority<br/>choices are (1) urgent, (2) ASAP, and (3) routine. These priorities are<br/>used within the Browse Notifications options to print a list of<br/>notifications by priority. | ENUMERATION | REQUIRED | {::nomarkdown}URGENT: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>ROUTINE: <em><strong>3</strong></em><br/>ASAP: <em><strong>2</strong></em>{:/}
**Synonym**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  synonym</code></pre>{:/} | .03 | This field contains an abbreviation or short synonym that is used to<br/>select a type of notification.  For example, "P6" for "PAP 6 weeks<br/>post PAP" or "C1" for "Colp follow-up, PAP next month." | STRING | INDEXED | 
**Active**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  active</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | This field contains a set of codes (1 = Yes, 0 = No) used to display or<br/>hide an entry in a selection list.  If the field is active and contains a<br/>'1' or yes, users of this package can select the entry.  | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Associate With Br/cx Tx**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  associate_with_br_cx_tx</code></pre>{:/} | .05 | This field has a 2-fold purpose. It identifies that the notification<br/>letter is associated with cervical or breast treatment needs and also<br/>determines a default print date based on the treatment need type. The<br/>value of this field is a set of codes (BR for breast Tx need; CX for<br/>cervical Tx need).  If a clinician does not want to automatically print a<br/>letter, the field may be left blank. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}BREAST TX: <em><strong>BR</strong></em><br/>CERVICAL TX: <em><strong>CX</strong></em>{:/}
**Result Or Reminder Letter**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  result_or_reminder_letter</code></pre>{:/} | .06 | This field contains a code (1 = Result; 2 = Reminder) used to determine a<br/>print date for the letter.  A notification identified as a result is<br/>printed immediately and a reminder is printed on a future date (e.g.,<br/>Annual PAP). | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}REMINDER: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>RESULT: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Br Tx Need**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  br_tx_need</code></pre>{:/} | .07 | Use this field to assign a breast treament need from the WV BREAST TX <br/>NEED file (#790.51) to this particular purpose of notification.<br/> <br/>When a Clinical Reminder uses this purpose of notification to result a <br/>patient's breast procedure, the breast treatment need linked to this <br/>purpose of notification will be automatically assigned to the patient in<br/>the WV PATIENT file (#790). | POINTER |  | [Wv_Breast_Tx_Need-790_51](Wv_Breast_Tx_Need-790_51)
**Br Tx Due Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  br_tx_due_date</code></pre>{:/} | .08 | This field is the amount of time to add to the procedure date or current<br/>date to calculate a new breast treatment due date. The value should be a<br/>number followed by "D", "M" or "Y" (without the quotes). D indicates days.<br/>M indicates months. Y indicates years.<br/> <br/>For example, "90D" means add 90 days to the procedure date or current date<br/>to calculate the new breast treatment due date. This new treatment date<br/>will be automatically assigned to the patient in the WV PATIENT file<br/>(#790). | STRING |  | 
**Cx Tx Need**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  cx_tx_need</code></pre>{:/} | .09 | Use this field to assign a cervical treament need from the WV CERVICAL TX <br/>NEED file (#790.5) to this particular purpose of notification.<br/> <br/>When a Clinical Reminder uses this purpose of notification to result a <br/>patient's cervical procedure, the cervical treatment need linked to this <br/>purpose of notification will be automatically assigned to the patient in<br/>the WV PATIENT file (#790). | POINTER |  | [Wv_Cervical_Tx_Need-790_5](Wv_Cervical_Tx_Need-790_5)
**Cx Tx Due Date**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  cx_tx_due_date</code></pre>{:/} | .1 | This field is the amount of time to add to the procedure date or current<br/>date to calculate a new cervical treatment due date. The value should be a<br/>number followed by "D", "M" or "Y" (without the quotes). D indicates days.<br/>M indicates months. Y indicates years.<br/> <br/>For example, "90D" means add 90 days to the procedure date or current date<br/>to calculate the new cervical treatment due date. This new treatment date<br/>will be automatically assigned to the patient in the WV PATIENT file<br/>(#790). | STRING |  | 
**Letter Text**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  letter_text</code></pre>{:/} | 1.01 | This field stores the text of the notification letter. | STRING |  | 



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 13th 2017, 2:13:28 pm</p>{:/}