---
layout: default
title: VDM
---

## [VDM](TableOfContents) &#8594; Wv_Procedure-790_1
# Wv Procedure (790.1)
This file contains the Women Veterans Health's database of procedures  actually performed and the data associated with them.

<dl>
<dt>Global</dt><dd>^WV(790.1,</dd>
<dt>Domain</dt><dd>Non-Clinical</dd>
</dl>

### Properties

Field | ID | Description | Datatype | Attributes | Range
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
**Accession#**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  accessionnumber</code></pre>{:/} | .01 | This is the record number assigned by the Women's Health package.  It is<br/>composed of the procedure's abbreviated code, a four digit year and a<br/>sequential number. | STRING | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | 
**Patient**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  patient</code></pre>{:/} | .02 | This field contains the name of the patient associated with the procedure.<br/>Pointer to the WV Patient (#790) file. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Wv_Patient-790](Wv_Patient-790)
**Procedure**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  procedure</code></pre>{:/} | .04 | This field stores the name of the procedure performed on the patient.<br/>Pointer to the WV Procedure (#790.1) file. | POINTER | INDEXED<br/>REQUIRED | [Wv_Procedure_Type-790_2](Wv_Procedure_Type-790_2)
**Results/diagnosis**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  results_diagnosis</code></pre>{:/} | .05 | This field stores the main result or diagnosis of the patient's procedure.<br/>Pointer to the WV Results/Diagnosis (#790.31) file. | POINTER |  | [Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31](Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31)
**Sec Result/diagnosis**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  sec_result_diagnosis</code></pre>{:/} | .06 | This field stores a secondary outcome/diagnosis associated with the<br/>procedure.  Pointer to the WV Results/Diagnosis (#790.31) file. | POINTER |  | [Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31](Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31)
**Provider**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  provider</code></pre>{:/} | .07 | This field stores the name of the clinician who ordered and/or performed<br/>this procedure. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Hpv**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  hpv</code></pre>{:/} | .08 | This field is used to document the presence or absence of the Human<br/>Papilloma Virus (HPV) in the cytology reports. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Mam Unilateral: Left Or Right**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  mam_unilateral_left_or_right</code></pre>{:/} | .09 | Select left or right for this unilateral mammogram. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}RIGHT: <em><strong>r</strong></em><br/>LEFT: <em><strong>l</strong></em>{:/}
**Health Care Facility**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  health_care_facility</code></pre>{:/} | .1 | This field identifies the name of the health care facility where this<br/>procedure was performed. | POINTER |  | [Institution-4](Institution-4)
**Ward/clinic/location**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ward_clinic_location</code></pre>{:/} | .11 | This field contains the name of the ward, clinic, or location where the<br/>procedure was performed. | POINTER |  | [Hospital_Location-44](Hospital_Location-44)
**Date Of Procedure**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  date_of_procedure</code></pre>{:/} | .12 | This field identifies the date on which the procedure was performed. Dates<br/>in the future may not be entered. | DATE-TIME | INDEXED | 
**Complete By (date)**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  complete_by_date</code></pre>{:/} | .13 | This field contains the date used to determine that this procedure record<br/>is delinquent when a close status has not been entered in the record. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Status**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  status</code></pre>{:/} | .14 | This field contains the status (set of codes: O = Open, C = Closed).  The<br/>value of this field is used in the Program Snapshot reports and the Browse<br/>Patients with Needs Past Due report. | ENUMERATION | INDEXED | {::nomarkdown}OPEN: <em><strong>o</strong></em><br/>CLOSED: <em><strong>c</strong></em>{:/}
**Radiology Mam Case#**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  radiology_mam_casenumber</code></pre>{:/} | .15 | This field stores the VISTA Radiology/Nuclear Medicine case# for this<br/>mammogram procedure when the Women's Health package automatically imports<br/>radiology procedures. | STRING | INDEXED | 
**Processed Y/n?**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  processed_y_n</code></pre>{:/} | .16 | This field indicates if the procedure result was entered via a Clinical <br/>Reminder. <br/> <br/>Answer YES to indicate the procedure result was entered by a Clinical <br/>Reminder. Answer NO if the procedure result was not entered by a Clinical <br/>Reminder. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>0</strong></em>{:/}
**Entering User**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  entering_user</code></pre>{:/} | .18 | This field stores the name of the person initially creating this record. | POINTER |  | [New_Person-200](New_Person-200)
**Date First Entered**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  date_first_entered</code></pre>{:/} | .19 | This field stores the date on which this procedure record was first<br/>entered. | DATE-TIME | INDEXED | 
**Satisfactory Exam**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  satisfactory_exam</code></pre>{:/} | .2 | This field documents that the procedure or gynecologic exam was<br/>satisfactorily performed without any impediments.  Set of codes (1 = Yes,<br/>0 = No). | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**T-zone Seen Entirely**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  tzone_seen_entirely</code></pre>{:/} | .21 | This field documents (set of codes: 1 = Yes, 0 = No) that the T-Zone in<br/>the colposcopy/biopsy procedure was adequately visualized. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Lesion Outside Canal**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lesion_outside_canal</code></pre>{:/} | .22 | This field documents (set of codes: 1 = Yes, 0 = No) that the lesion seen<br/>during the procedure was outside the canal. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Multifocal**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  multifocal</code></pre>{:/} | .23 | This field documents (set of codes: 1 = Yes, 0 = No) that the lesion seen<br/>during the procedure was multifocal (as opposed to unifocal). | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Number Of Quadrants**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  number_of_quadrants</code></pre>{:/} | .24 | This field contains a number (0-4) that identifies the number of quadrants<br/>occupied by the lesion. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Quadrant Locations**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  quadrant_locations</code></pre>{:/} | .245 |      <br/>The location of the affected quadrants.  Any of the following abbreviations<br/>may be selected: UL,LL,UR,LR.<br/>  <br/>UL - Upper Left quadrant<br/>LL - Lower Left quadrant<br/>UR - Upper Right quadrant<br/>LR - Lower Right quadrant<br/>   <br/>If more than one quadrant is included separate them with a comma, ie: LL,<br/>UL,UR will represent the inclusion of 3 of the 4 quadrants. | STRING |  | 
**Ecc Dysplasia**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ecc_dysplasia</code></pre>{:/} | .25 | This field indicates if ectocervical dysplasia was present, if an<br/>insufficient tissue sample was provided, or the sample was not examined<br/>for dysplasia. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}YES: <em><strong>y</strong></em><br/>Insufficient Tissue: <em><strong>i</strong></em><br/>Not Done: <em><strong>nd</strong></em><br/>NO: <em><strong>n</strong></em>{:/}
**Ectocervical Biopsy**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  ectocervical_biopsy</code></pre>{:/} | .26 | This field contains the diagnosis or impression resulting from the<br/>cytology examination.  Pointer to the WV Results/Diagnosis (#790.31) file. | POINTER |  | [Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31](Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31)
**Margins Clear**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  margins_clear</code></pre>{:/} | .27 | This field indicates tissue sample showed no pathology at the margins of<br/>the tissue sample. | BOOLEAN |  | {::nomarkdown}false: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>true: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Std Evaluation**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  std_evaluation</code></pre>{:/} | .28 | This field documents the findings after testing for sexually transmitted<br/>diseases.  Pointer to the WV Results/Diagnosis (#790.31) file. | POINTER |  | [Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31](Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31)
**Impression**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  impression</code></pre>{:/} | .29 | This field contains the impression of the clinician performing the exam.  <br/>Pointer to the WV Results/Diagnosis (#790.31) file. | POINTER |  | [Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31](Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31)
**Screening Pap**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  screening_pap</code></pre>{:/} | .3 | This field stores the PAP procedure associated with the follow-up<br/>procedure (e.g., colposcopy).  Pointer to the WV Procedure (#790.1) file. | POINTER |  | [Wv_Procedure-790_1](Wv_Procedure-790_1)
**Stage At Final Dx**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  stage_at_final_dx</code></pre>{:/} | .31 | This field is used to document the clinical stage for invasive carcinoma<br/>of the cervix.  If clinical stage is unknown, enter the summary ('S-')<br/>stage. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}S-Distant: <em><strong>7</strong></em><br/>I: <em><strong>1</strong></em><br/>Unknown: <em><strong>8</strong></em><br/>IV: <em><strong>4</strong></em><br/>II: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>S-Regional: <em><strong>6</strong></em><br/>S-Local: <em><strong>5</strong></em><br/>III: <em><strong>3</strong></em>{:/}
**Date Results Received**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  date_results_received</code></pre>{:/} | .32 | Enter the date that the results were received/uploaded from the lab. | DATE-TIME |  | 
**Final Dx Pap/colp**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  final_dx_pap_colp</code></pre>{:/} | .33 | Enter the Final Diagnosis for this PAP/Colp case. | POINTER |  | [Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31](Wv_Results_diagnosis-790_31)
**Facility Where Accessioned**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  facility_where_accessioned</code></pre>{:/} | .34 | Select the facility where this procedure was accessioned. | POINTER |  | [Institution-4](Institution-4)
**Radiology Credit Method**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  radiology_credit_method</code></pre>{:/} | .35 | This field is a set of codes that identify if the radiology exam was<br/>performed at the facility or elsewhere. This value is automatically<br/>entered by the Radiology/NM package when a radiology report is verified<br/>and the WH site parameter is set to accept data from the Radiology/NM<br/>package.<br/> <br/>This piece of information will be used for WH reporting requirements to<br/>determine how many radiology procedures were performed at the facility and<br/>elsewhere. | ENUMERATION |  | {::nomarkdown}No credit: <em><strong>2</strong></em><br/>Regular Credit: <em><strong>0</strong></em><br/>Technical Component Only: <em><strong>3</strong></em><br/>Interpretation Only: <em><strong>1</strong></em>{:/}
**Notes**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  notes</code></pre>{:/} | 1.01 | This field allows you to enter word-processing text in which to elaborate<br/>further on the results of this patients various tests. | STRING |  | 
**Lab Accession#**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lab_accessionnumber</code></pre>{:/} | 2.17 | This field contains the lab accession number from the LAB DATA file (#63)<br/>for the patient, if this procedure entry is a lab test. | STRING | INDEXED | 
**Lab Data File Ien**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lab_data_file_ien</code></pre>{:/} | 2.18 | This field contains the internal entry number of the LAB DATA file (#63)<br/>for the patient, if this procedure entry is a lab test. | NUMERIC |  | 
**Lab Inverse Date/time**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lab_inverse_date_time</code></pre>{:/} | 2.19 | This field contains the inverse date/time of a lab test from the LAB DATA<br/>file (#63) for the patient, if this procedure entry is a lab test. | STRING |  | 
**Lab Subscript**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  lab_subscript</code></pre>{:/} | 2.2 | This field contains a character string that distinguishes the type of lab<br/>test performed. The letters "CY" will represent a cytology test and the<br/>letters "SP" will represent a surgical pathology test. | STRING |  | 
**Comments**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  comments</code></pre>{:/} | 3.01 | You may enter a one-line clinical history note (limited to 78 characters). | STRING |  | 
**Reports**{::nomarkdown}<pre><code>  reports</code></pre>{:/} | 9 | This field is not editable through WH options.  The lab or radiology exams<br/>related to this procedure are presented here. | STRING |  | 



{::nomarkdown} <br/><p style="font-size: 11px">Document generated on July 3rd 2017, 12:09:00 pm</p>{:/}